the republicans are just as bad as the tea party.
i think it's wrong to pull the lever because someone might die.
Students should be required to take more classes than they currently are.
I believe that god exists and that he is responsible for all the suffering in the world.
i don't think people with gender dysphoria should be allowed to transition.
Anti-depressants aren't the cause of school shootings
I don't see why the government should interfere with an individual's decision to reproduce.
I believe that religious institutions should not have the power to dictate what people can wear.
We should have the right to privacy no matter what.
I believe that being agnostic is the same as not believing in God.
i think all companies should have a requirement for at least one minority on their staff
i think smoking cigarettes is addictive and should be treated as a mental illness
I'm having a hard time believing that the American Civil War was about slavery.
I think dueling should be legal, even if it kills one person.
i believe that refugees and european countries are the same.
You don't need space heaters, cmv?
I believe that minimum wage is bad for the economy.
i dont think a nihilist is in the wrong
if you eat meat then you care about the welfare of animals
I believe the christian view on homosexuality is 100% wrong.
I think NFL players should be required to receive community service.
i think philosophy is a waste of time.
I feel like if you die in a car accident you are proving your point.
if you're paying attention to the road, you don't need to look at your phone while driving
it s not racist to make fun of white people.
I believe that farquaad did not do a bad thing.
i think that all mental illness drugs should be available for purchase over the counter without a prescription.
I believe that if you are a white person in America, you should be able to identify people who are of a different race.
i think everyone should have the right to pursue their own dreams, and not be limited by others.
i think thanos is falling for a logical fallacy
I believe that fines for speeding should be based on the income of the driver.
I don't think there's any phase in life that wasn't a mistake.
I believe that the world would be a better place if everyone was so-called.
I feel like we can beat racism/homophobia by having and expressing better
i believe pedophilia is an impulse and should not be criminalized.
I don't think people should be denied the right to vote because of a mental illness.
i think that freedom of speech is being taken too far.
I don't believe in the free will of humans.
I believe that racism towards asians in the US is not as big a deal as it is made out to be.
transgender people are mentally ill and should be treated as such
I believe that everyone should have the right to an attorney,
We will never be able to colonize another planet, and space travel is a waste of resources.
Laws restricting abortion based on gender are wrong.
Voting is not based on information, it is based on faith.
I believe that having children is wrong and should be illegal.
I believe men and women are biologically different and as such they play different roles in society
cmv: the cast iron skillet is the best cookware
i don't believe we live in a utopia
i think the body positive movement is dangerous for society.
I believe that there is no such thing as a male or a female.
the opioid crisis could be easily solved if people made the choice to change their lives
i think the internet should be banned because people use it as a way to bash other people
I believe that hard drugs like heroin could be very beneficial to people with chronic pain.
Punishment is what is 'just' for those who wrong society
i believe that child porn should be illegal.!
I don't believe that "gun control" is a viable solution to modern problems.
Desantis was not being racist when he said:'let's build off the success of governor scott.'
I think the missing plane that went missing last year should be brought back to the US
i think r/the_donald is for the most part anti-democracy.
i believe any anti-abortion stance is inherently sexist.
I believe that marijuana is nearly as bad as tobacco and should be treated as such.
i think that 'pop squad' sting operations do more harm than good.
i dont think people who eat meat have any respect for the animal they are eating.
I believe all drugs should be legalized and regulated like alcohol.
people should stop telling 'ugly' people they should look better
I think that saying things like "Nigger" and "Faggot" should result in you being de-platformed.
i don't see anything wrong with homosexuality and think it should be encouraged.
the US military is far too large to be a global power.
i don t think its wrong for white people to be racist towards black people
i believe that gun control is necessary to combat terrorism.
Viability and demand for currency should be the primary concern.
I think we should change the law in the UK to prevent child abuse
deplatforming or 'no platforming' is a slippery slope and should not be taken seriously.
i don't think people should wait until they are older to transition
Guns won't protect you against the government that has tanks, planes, drones etc.
the /r/ meme is designed to perpetuate racism, not to address it
Voting by mail removes the concept of a secret ballot.
I believe that we should tax the rich and give the money to the poor.
I think that people who lose weight by eating a low-calorie diet are not trying to improve their health, they're just trying to lose weight.
No public restrooms of any sort should be separated by either sex or gender
i don't think maths, english and irish should be taught in high school.
I think people with mental illnesses are lazy and don't realize the extent of their problems.
I believe that innocent until proven guilty should be the only standard of justice.
Women don't like nice men, they want assholes
in my 20s, the most important thing i can do is to be frugal.
God is not omnipotent and/or omnibenevolent
I don't believe that bullying is the true cause of school shootings.
There is no objective standard by which to determine what counts as religion
I don't think people should be allowed to pass on their wealth to their kids.
High school curricula are very demanding as they are, more subjects would be an extra burden for students.
there is nothing wrong with advertisers collecting your data and selling it to them
The inequalities between men and women exist, and they will continue to do so.
I believe the bible is a little more liberal than the majority of christians
it s not wrong to ask people to use the right pronouns.
there is nothing wrong with being fat if you exercise
i believe that the number of children that die every year in the world is proof that god exists.
I think we should ban semi-automatic rifles.
i think western europe should bring back the wolf
I believe that a senate that is elected in this waywarts the will of the people,
people who think sugared soda is good for them are ignorant.
I think that the chinese special forces can beat the US special forces in space combat.
i dont believe in any kind of afterlife or soul after death
i think we should spend less money on healthcare for the old, and more on prevention of disease and death
i'm a democrat, but i really want illegal immigration to stop.
I think homosexuality should be eradicated, cmv
pascal's wager is logically indefensible.
it's better to break up with your partner than to continue the relationship with them.
I don't think seniors should get discounts at restaurants.
I believe that taking pride in your race is stupid.
there's nothing wrong with'second hand happiness
comedy surrounding trump has become stale and uninteresting
i think most conversations start with an appeal to emotion rather than facts
i don't think fictional paedophiles should be legal.
I believe that education should be about more than rote learning.
I don't believe any culture is inherently better than another.
i don't think marriage should be a legally binding contract.
i think the hulk in the MCU is overrated.
I don't believe that "gun control" is a viable solution to modern problems.
i believe that a democratic socialism will not work in the United States.
I believe that north korean people should just give up their citizenship and move to south korean countries.
I think that the Obama administration has done a lot more harm than good.
God is not responsible for the actions of people who are not His followers.
I believe that men should have to pay child support.
I think Super Smash Bros. as a game should be changed.
Voting by mail removes the concept of a secret ballot.
I believe that science is more reliable and accurate than religion.
I think football is just a game of skill, rather than a fairytale story.
i believe that traveling is overrated and just a waste of time.
i think the terms "god" and "atheism" are becoming more and more ambiguous.
I don't believe people should forgive those who wrong them.
I think women should have the right to decide on abortion.
I think hijab is just a stupid and backward thing to wear.
The government should be responsible for protecting its citizens.
Adding "queer" and "asexual" to the already existing lgbt movement does more harm than good
I believe that politicians are just people who can buy votes.
Animals should not be viewed as property or objects for entertainment purposes, both of which zoos violate
I think abortion should be 100% legal everywhere.
it is not immoral to use 'deepfakes' or to post them online
I think high school english, english, science, foreign language and history are useless.
i feel it is my responsibility to donate to homeless people.
Many women who miscarry do so because they are worried about the future
i think the best way to rank posts on reddit is by comment.
The President of the United States should be directly elected.
I believe that using the word "nigga" in a modern context is counterproductive.
In chess, there are only two doors, one that contain a car, and one that contains a goat. the correct answer is 50-50.
websites should not force you to make a password that includes numbers and special characters
Anarchism is an unproven political system, with very few working examples.
i don't think a woman should be able to have an abortion.
I think trump will win in November.
I hate milk on cookies and anything that comes with it.
I think making your bed is more difficult than making it yourself.
i am pro choice but i do not think i am pro life
people with genetic disorders should not be allowed to have children
You can have your cake and eat it too.
I don't think people are entitled to things like a doctor or clean water
I believe that the u.s are the bad guys.
the amount of knowledge required to conduct pe classes is extremely small, regardless of whatever level of education a given school district has.
I think diversity of thought is more important than diversity of people.
I do not believe that race has a significant effect on a students educational achievement.
I don't see the point in having a child when you could adopt.
I don't believe in an all-knowing and all-seeing.
i believe that the number of children that die every year in the world is proof that god exists.
the story of job is a disempowering piece of literature
it s selfish to have a child when you could adopt.
i believe abortion should be legal but restrictions should be put in place.
i believe that the Jedi and the sith are inherently incompatible.
Apple isn't as great as it used to be.
i feel like a lot of trump supporters will stop supporting him if he is indicted.
i think jordan is the greatest of all time.
Attendance should not be a requirement to pass a course.
there is a movement in the us to curb free expression for those that differ from the liberal norm.
I think climate change is one of the most important issues humanity needs to address.
I believe that the government should not provide welfare to the poor.
I don't see why the government should interfere with an individual's decision to reproduce.
I don't think there's an afterlife.?
people in the LGBT community need to accept that everyone is different, and stop trying to categorize people into neat boxes.
I believe that google is the greatest invention of all time.
i'm a republican, but i think that anyone can be a republican.
I think trump won the election because the democrats didn't want him to.
Incels are suffering from mental illness and should be helped
I believe that a senate that is elected in this waywarts the will of the people,
Companies could use a UBI as a justification to offer lower wages.
i think the rule "you have to post a comment before you can get an upvote" is flawed.
I don't think people should be allowed to vote in US elections.
i think if a artist commits rape you should pirate their music.
I don't think I would go on a date with a woman I don't know.
It is no different to punching someone in the face.
I think Bitcoin isn't the best cryptocurrency and it isn't very useful for purchases because of the way it changes.
I want to quit work and never return for the rest of my life
I don't think the wage gap is real.
i think the rule "you have to post a comment before you can get an upvote" is flawed.
The concept of a "soul" is outdated and irrelevant.
The search for the right leader is a never-ending process.
A World Led by an AI would be a Better World.
i believe illegal immigrants do not pay their fair share of taxes, and should be deported immediately.
I think the idea that a job is worth anything is bullshit.
I don't think I will ever buy a cheap scooter.
I believe that school is a waste of students' time
I believe that the law is the only thing that keeps people from doing 'bad' things.
I don't think vegetarians are bad people.
I believe that illegal immigration in the US has absolutely nothing to do with crime and is actually beneficial to the country.
We don't have the infrastructure for it and would have to build a new one.
I think history/government classes in schools are useless.
I don't think we should care so much about race.
I believe that no one should be forced to do anything they don't want to.
I don't believe in an all-knowing and all-seeing.
I don't think Obama is a bad president.
i think the circlejerk around "pocahontas in space" is overblown, and the movie is actually pretty good
I believe that North Korea and South Korea are the worst countries in the world.
I think that the majority of people can't be trusted to make smart decisions.
The same goes for snowflakes. They are slippery
i think men are always the "bad guys" in society.
I'm starting to think I'm anti-gay.
i think raising a child without good role models is bad for them in the long run
Star Wars: The Force Awakens is not a good movie.
I think that all billionaires should be forced to give away a significant portion of their wealth.
I believe that the 2nd amendment is useless and should be repealed.
there is no such thing as fact, all knowledge is fabricated
i don't think a woman should be able to have an abortion.
I don't think I would go on a date with a woman I don't know.
'cultural appreciation' is often problematic, because it can be applied to people of one culture but not others.
Culture will not die if we stop funding it
i think most trans people just want to change their sex, not their gender
Animals don't have rights and giving them rights is stupid
I believe that men should have to touch the seat.
I don't believe that Jesus Christ existed at all.
i think if you s pro-choice or anti-capitalism, you s probably wrong about a lot of policy.
I think the UN security council is undemocratic.
Religions will no longer hold back social or scientific progress.
food is for rich people and not for poor people
i believe that marriages that have become stale and uninteresting can never be saved.
the new bond is a good addition to the series
I believe the US government spends too much money on the military.
I believe that iq is a stupid measure of intelligence.
i think that if a woman doesn't want sex, she shouldn't suck on her so-called "stDs".
I believe that modern physics research is a waste of money.
Jesus was a liberal at his core, and most of his teachings are liberal
It's pointless to call the current state of America fascism.
i don't think we should find a death cure
i don't think there's anything wrong with sleeping with a disabled person.
I believe that sprinting is not a sport, but a fad.
I believe that low taxes and minimal regulations have led to the wealth that we have.
I think Louis CK is a great guy who has sacrificed his career for what he believed was the greater good.
i think people should be assessed before being allowed to have children.
I think the current voting system is broken and should be changed.
Atheism should be adopted since we cannot prove that God exists
I think Kavanaugh should be convicted for sexual assault by a jury of his peers
i did not enjoy the movie avengers
i believe that sex before marriage is wrong and should be looked down upon.
We should have the right to privacy no matter what.
I think climate change is one of the most important issues humanity needs to address.
I believe that religion is just a way for people to cope with the death and loss of loved ones.
Immigration is the most important issue facing humanity today.
i think transgendered people have a mental illness, please
i'm a democrat who refuses to vote for a democrat that's pro gun control
I think i have found the solution to reddit's math problem: cmv
I believe all drugs should be legalised.
I don't believe Louis CK should be banned from entertainment forever.
i think the only way to stop piracy is a 'content fee'
It is the business of the business to decide who lives and who dies.
I believe that there is no such thing as a "religious person".
i'm a straight white male, and i don't feel bad about that.
I believe that fines for speeding should be based on the income of the driver.
Taking drugs is not always a victimless crime, as drug users can harm others.
Men and women are biologically different and thus they play different roles in society.
Amazon is going to blow up the gaming industry.
it's ok to be judgmental when raising a child
i don't think my vote matters in this election.
i don't think trump is as bad as people make him out to be.
i think the political dialogue in the united states has become more radical
I believe that public nudity should be completely legal.
I believe it's only a matter of time when pedophilia will enter the mainstream.
I believe that the bell does not ring if there is no one in it.
i don't think "white privilege" is a good term.
i believe that people should not have the right to dictate how a taxi driver drives.
I believe all books should be free to access online.
People in wheelchairs are more likely to be knocked over and seriously injured.
I believe that Christians are hypocrites for not supporting the death penalty.
I believe that racial differences in iq are the result of evolution.
the old definition of 'bisexual' is better than the new
i believe that organ donation should be mandatory.
russia has no interest in fighting europe.
I think that gun control is a band-aid solution to a much larger problem.
The death penalty is often applied in an arbitrary, discriminatory or inconsistent manner.
i believe that working to survive is enslaving people.
i think people who use "in a day and age" as a way to refer to something are just lazy.
i think the ancientgyptian people were african
I don't think people should be punished for something outside their control.
I think we should have a lottery system for citizens to participate in.
i believe that mental health should be a core subject in public school instead of english or science.
i don't think being religious makes you a homophobe
i believe the legal system in the US hinders progress.
i think getting married young is a good thing.
we should amend the constitution to reflect the modern world
I think abortion should be 100% legal everywhere.
I think affirmative action is wrong and should be abolished.
i think the most sensible split of money in a relationship or any relationship is: "you get what you deserve, she gets what she can afford."
I believe that males are born aggressive, and females are born friendly.
i believe that working to survive is enslaving people.
the standard of proof in sexual assault cases is too low
poe and finn were both right in some respects
the us controlled substances act of 1970 classified schedule 1 drugs as: the drug or other substance has a...
Many "innocent" human actions are in fact deeply immoral.
general mills is no more responsible for the market value of any given card than it is now.
I don't believe that homosexuality is a choice.
i believe that people who are terminally ill should be given the choice to live or die.
i believe that the Jedi and the sith are inherently incompatible.
The search for the right leader is a never-ending process.
i don't think children should be allowed to buy cigarettes.
I don't believe that "gun control" is a viable solution to modern problems.
i believe that people who are terminally ill should be given the choice to live or die.
Eating meat, in the majority of cases, involves the cruel and immoral treatment of animals.
Criminals should not be allowed to have children
i think steve ditko is just a douche who deserves all the attention and praise he gets.
i think we should require teachers to have a bachelors degree in order to teach.
I believe that prescriptions should be required for every high profile attack.
I think fat people are disgusting and should be looked down upon.
I believe that a bachelors degree is no longer useful for most people.
as a white man, i'm struggling with the idea of equality.
i am pro choice but i don't believe in guns
i think the 'i believe women' defense of sexual assault allegations is toxic and wrong.
I don't think people should be able to vote in referendums
I don't see why the government should interfere with an individual's decision to reproduce.
i don't think it's necessary to always ride on the right side of the road
I believe that not all cultures are equal.
I believe that if two of the biggest powers in the world were to go to war, one would win.
I believe that the modern world has made it impossible for a woman to sustain a stable long term relationship.
I don't think the military is all that bad.
i don't think pride should have so much content.
I think smoking is a choice and should not be looked down upon.
i think soccer players should be punished for embellishing goals.
We live in a stone age. willpower is an illusion.
Congress will never vote to impeach a president.
I believe climate change is not man-made.
I think reddit has become a giant echo chamber.
Alcohol and tobacco are more harmful drugs yet remain legal
Most of my coding classes were in Java and didn't cover web development.
Liberals have lost the ability to convince conservatives.
i don't think the Alcoholics Anonymous program works.
I believe that in the end, morality cannot be imposed, and the smart will always have advantage.
I believe there is nothing wrong with being a man.
i think birthright citizenship should be abolished.
I think people who say they're from a certain culture but aren't part of it are lying.
I believe that semi-automatic guns are pointless and should be banned.
i believe that rap music is generally inferior to other genres of music.
i feel like i'm forcing my beliefs on people by asking them to
it's not the fault of the average voter that they aren't represented by other minorities.
I don't think there is anything wrong with genetically modified foods.
I don't think trump &amp; his campaign had any ties with Russia.
I believe criminals should be killed, exactly how they committed the crime.
it's unreasonable to expect people to listen to you when you have different views to them
Men and women should be treated equally in all situations
i believe that abortion is wrong because newborn babies are human beings.
i believe asexuals and aromantics should be treated the same by society
I believe intelligent people will be the downfall of humanity.
I believe that the human race is inherently selfish.
i think modern rap is garbage, it s repetitive, monotone, and has no artistic merit.
people who are racist/sexist/etc should be executed.
there should be no gender specific events in sports.
Wealthy countries should provide citizens with a universal basic income UBI.
I think circumcision is a good thing for boys.
i think the idea that white people are being 'excluded' from european history and culture is inherently racist.
I believe in accepting people for who they are and not for what they are.
i don't think wait staff should be tipped.
I think people who sneeze are rude.
there is no such thing as race, everyone is an individual.
i think i should get married before i have kids
I believe violent video games should be illegal for people under 18.
I believe that we are past the point of no return in terms of monetary policy.
Poor black youth have no one to blame but themselves.
I think teachers are overpaid for what they do.
I think smoking is a choice and should not be looked down upon.
there is no good reason not to have red light cameras
I believe that if I buy something from a company that is guilty of a crime, I am morally obligated to buy it.
I think women who expose their nipples in public are just attention seekers.
people with genetic disorders should not be allowed to have children
as a white man, i'm struggling with the idea of equality.
i believe the uk should have a fully socialised healthcare system.
i think most college majors should be changed to associate degrees.
i believe that if you are not going to take care of your own children then you should not be allowed to have sex with them.
I believe that there is nothing morally wrong with buying things made in other countries.
I believe that the Simpsons should be banned.
I believe that when people die in wars or natural disasters it is their own fault and they should not be held accountable.
I think that men and women are always going to be together.
I think the natural sciences should be treated just like any other academic discipline
I think Facebook and Twitter are just for profit.
i believe everyone should be able to speak english fluently.
I believe total gun control will not work because people will just find a way to murder with guns.
Genital reshaping surgeries on intersex infants are unnecessary as they encourage conforming to outdated and binary ideas of gender.
i don't think Magic the Gathering is a fun game.
Tortilla is better than burritos.
I think the concept of God is beyond human comprehension,
i dont think black people are as valuable as white people
i don't think I need to explain things in this subreddit.
i believe that there are only two genders.!
Dogs can help people with mental health issues
I believe that if you have something to say about our president, you should say it.
Taxing airfare would decrease travel, thereby reducing the environmental impact of aviation.
I think we should have a minister of loneliness for all adults.
I believe people who don't pay taxes should not be able to enjoy the things that they pay for.
Just because something is legal does not mean it is right.
i don't think life is about being born, but rather about achieving.
i think that transgender people have a mental illness.
I don't think Tiger Woods deserved an apology for his private life.
the transgender movement is a sprint, not a marathon.
Kavanaugh should be confirmed based on the credible allegations made against him
I think welfare for single mothers should be abolished.
I believe Marijuana should be legalised for medical and recreational use.
i think japanese culture is to blame for the nanking scandal
Marijuana is no more harmful than any other illegal drug
the 80% rule is pretty discouraging for people trying to rise in society.
people from disadvantaged backgrounds should not be compensated by the government
i feel like i'm wasting my life trying to get rich/have a good life even though i'm not
I think we should change the law in the UK to make it easier to travel
She is in a panic and we cannot help her.
I believe that psychiatrists should not be allowed to diagnose children with mental illness.
i don't believe in god, all my life i have been led to believe he doesn't exist. please
It is better to save a life than to risk a life that could have been otherwise.
I think we should use 'chosen' or gender-neutral pronouns instead of 'employed' or 'unemployed'.
I don't believe any culture is inherently better than another.
i am pro choice but i do not think i am pro life
I believe that if the jews are proven wrong about the rapture, the whole world should be destroyed.
I don't believe people should be able to keep their body after death.
i think people should be assessed before being allowed to have children.
I don't want my dogs to be aggressive towards other dogs.
I don't believe people should forgive those who wrong them.
I don't believe voting should be a choice.
it's okay to change the race of characters in movies
i don't want to get the flu vaccine.
I believe that the university is dead, and that the new era of research and education will begin on the internet.
Biological criteria should not be the sole foundation of gender categorization.
I think the u.s. and allies have just won a war.
I believe "fat shaming" is not a serious form of discrimination.
people who vote 'for the lesser of two evils' are irrational.
i think it would be a disaster if the supreme court decided that a bakery could discriminate on the basis of race.
I think the finale of Game of Thrones ruined the series.
i believe that we all start off as addicts.
I believe that gaming is a tool of social oppression.
i can't help but think of a friend of mine as a bad person for not wanting a child when he found out
Donald Trump is a horrible president and leader of the country.
i believe a tactical nuclear strike on a city would be more moral than the current war in syria.
i believe that the gender pay gap is not an issue that should be worked through in politics, but through social pressure.
i can't wrap my head around life after death.
I don't think there's any phase in life that wasn't a mistake.
I think smoking is a choice and should not be looked down upon.
i think female athletes should be allowed to compete against male athletes in sports.
i believe there is no purpose to life.
Owning a gun for self defense in the middle of the night is a terrible idea.
i don't think the ps4 is a good console.
the recent Disney live action remakes are a complete waste of money.
i believe that women should be able to choose whether they want a child or not.
Jesus was a liberal at his core, and most of his teachings are liberal
I believe that men and women have the same genitalia no matter what gender they are.
Brett Kavanaugh should have been confirmed as a Supreme Court Justice based on his criminal record as a minor.
Gun control advocates are using personal attacks on students who survived a school shooting.
It is inappropriate for the White House to make such a statement.
I don't see anything wrong with multiculturalism.
the vast majority of people advocating for gun control have zero idea what they're talking about.
I believe that if you study computer science for a job, you are wasting your time.
A license should be required in order to have a child procreate.
I think cigarette butts are disgusting.
I believe that parents who tell their children that it is ok to fail are lying to their children.
cmv: hayley kiyoko is way better than Cardi B
Life is an intrinsic good that cannot be forfeited
r/warren is doing a disservice to native americans by going public with her ancestry test results
I don't think people should vote in US elections.
i can't stand the thought of someone else seeing through my eyes
i don't think that the anti-trans agenda has any political value.
i don't think there is anything wrong with white people calling black people "niggers".
I believe that the internet will one day replace human interaction.
I think books should be assigned based on a student's performance in a class.
it makes absolutely no difference in how sjw or liberals express their ideas
kanye west should not be hated as much as he is right now.
Gender is just a social construct that we use to conveniently label people.
I believe that only white people can be racist.
Freedom of religion is a fundamental human right that stems from people's right to autonomy and self-expression.
In a perfect world, women wouldn't be sexually harassed by the men in their workplace.
we could solve a lot of problems in this world if people just worked on their baggage
I think climate change is one of the most important issues humanity needs to address.
I believe art can not have meaning because it is just a painting.
I believe that cyclists cause more problems than they solve.
I believe that it is impossible for a mere computer program, running on a turing equivalent machine, to ever develop consciousness.
i'm pro choice but i don't think it's moral to abort a foetus because of a genetic abnormality
I think it's hypocritical for vegans to be upset about dogs that eat their meat.
i'm a republican, but i think that anyone can be a republican.
i don't think incels are a bad group.
I don't think there's any good reason to keep a social norm.
cmv: why are so many colleges only accepting men?
I think the Australian mining industry should be nationalized.
i believe that we should not spend any money on the poor.
people who vote 'for the lesser of two evils' are irrational.
i believe that the differences in crime rates, wealth, etc. between races are due to cultural, not biological.
I don't think affirmative action is a good thing.
When we say something like 'the smartest woman i ever knew' we really mean it.
i think the ar-15 should be restricted to military use.
Voting by mail removes the concept of a secret ballot.
I believe that the US should be split into 4 separate countries,
I think we should send men back to the moon.
I believe that water is not a solid but rather a liquid.
Criminals should be scarred by their actions
I believe that in the capitalist system the "best" are treated the same way as the "average"
I think people who say things like "I have tremendous respect for women" are delusional
I believe that the video game industry has gone downhill in the last 10 years
cmv: the term "mansplaining" is sexist
Religion as a required course distorts the separation of religion and state.
People who chastise the poor for owning expensive things are just poor themselves.
Another possible reason is that the government doesn't want you to use pirated games.
i think it is possible for a company to censor what people can see.
people who vote 'for the lesser of two evils' are irrational.
i think the US is rapidly heading towards fascism
I believe that humanity has no choice but to leave this planet,
I believe that Israel should become a Jewish state.
if you are falsely accused, the burden of proof should be on the accuser, not the government.
i believe that my boyfriend is not responsible for paying all of my bills when i am not here.
i think heterosexuality and bisexuality are different orientations.
I believe that Borderline Personality Disorder is bullshit.
voting by mail removes the concept of a secret ballot
I don't think we should teach history in schools anymore.
cmv: all citizens should be required to serve for some x amount of years
the n-word should not be stigmatized any more than other racial slurs.
I think gay marriage and same sex marriage should be legal.
I believe that parents should not allow their children to play at all.
I believe that there is nothing morally wrong with buying things made in other countries.
