as a non american but one interested in politics, i've seen many discussions about american politics that have talked about the level of anger between the two different parties and they typically blame the two equally. a typical complaint from republicans is that they're treated like they're racist, misogynistic, bigoted, ignorant, selfish and or foolish. from their lies over actual policy issues like health their embrace of white identity politics republicans seem far more interested in cultural issues like nfl protests and sexual assault allegations than issues like the economy and america's standing in the world. their support of trump, roy moore and brett kavanaugh suggests they view improved treatment respect for women as something to be actively fought and a danger to men's justified dominance. their concerns over the deficit rapidly vanished once trump was elected suggesting the tea party movement was as much about race as anything. their support of tax cuts suggests they're mostly interested in short term economic and political benefits for the wealthy over any actual improvement to the country as a whole. their support of trump, a man who fits virtually every negative stereotype people have of republicans voters, makes them seem bigoted and ignorant, as well as suggesting they favour the interests of their party over their country.
it stemmed from a pro life statement i made. this cmv post is not about abortion. i have always believed that it is just plain wrong. i don't really understand how people could disagree with this. obviously there is the greater good and all that, but i mean just honestly walking up to a person and killing them. i don't understand how it could ever be rationalized to be okay. self defense, saving other lives, etc okay fair. how? please try to cmv. thanks.
according to the national research council and institute of medicine, 1 'a national survey of more than 2,000 youth in grades 7 through 12 worked a median of 3 hours on an average school day, and spent 2 hours 'hanging out with friends. ' . . . the average adolescent watches nearly 3 hours of television a day. ' page 13 in other words, students are dedicating as much time to mindless tv watching as they are to actual school work. the situation worsens when students start applying to college. according to jeff shiffman, the director of admissions at tulane university 2 , most colleges don't look for 'well rounded' students. they look for students who are passionate about one subject, and are motivated to pursue that passion. it took me 4 years of high school to find my own passions in music, math, sports, and computer programming. now that i'm applying to universities for engineering majors, i feel regretful that i didn't dedicate more time to advance my skills in these specific areas. i'd be much more developed in my own passions had i not been forced to take classes such as chemistry, biology, and history. this change would motivate students to do well in school, increase their likelihood of being accepted into college, and allow them to grow exceedingly well in their own passions. national research council and institute of medicine. 2004. engaging schools: fostering high school students' motivation to learn. washington, dc: the national academies press. doi: 10. 17226 10421. accessed 6 nov. 2018 2 'jeff schiffman undergraduate admission new orleans. '  accessed 6 nov. 2018.
the two biggest problems with people believing in god is 1, if god exists where did he come from? and 2, if god exists why is there so much suffering in the world. well think of it this way, as far as we know, humans are the smartest beings in the universe. even though animals have proven to be intelligent, like dolphins and monkeys, we can t teach them human things. you can t teach a monkey how to write, read, or build a house. they re just not smart enough. my point is we are the monkeys and god is the human. what if god is so powerful that before creation, nothing existed, and he was the one who created time and perception. the 2nd problem is people think that god doesn t care because there are horrible things happening in the world everyday. but a lot of suffering comes from other people s decisions. decisions like murder, abuse, rape, and slavery come from free will. imagine if every time someone was about to sin god stopped them, god would be the helicopter parent that no one would want, this is why god gives free will, because even though everything would be peaceful, it would be slavery. humans have always preferred dangerous freedom over peaceful slavery. the problem with many christians is that they take the bible literally. the bible is probably like 55 true because the old testament is older than written language so the only way to spread the information was through words. many hardcore christians are too focused on the details and forget that the morals and point of the stories are what s important. i also believe that some of the bible was corrupted and used to control people and make money, because when people are scared, they re easier to control. i honestly don t care if you re a christian or an atheist because it doesn t effect me at all. but if you can t come up with a reasonable argument to why god doesn t exist then i won t take you seriously. k, thanks for reading now change my mind.
this seemed to offend people and i don't get why. and the current treatment is to make them appear to be the opposite gender, through changes in clothing, voice therapy, hormonal treatments that last a lifetime, and or a series of plastic surgeries. and all this comes with a lot of social stigma, and many people write them off as sexual romantic partners. it's very costly, invasive, and to become passing takes years if ever. we have developed psychiatric drugs for all kinds of mental health issues, including depression and anxiety. we tell depressed people to seek treatment, even if at the moment they just want to kill themselves. because they might not want to take such a drastic action if they were getting treated. pretty much a sick brain doesn't always know best. there's no drug to effectively treat gender dysphoria, and i don't even think it's feasible to try to develop such a thing. and i think it would be fair to mandate people to try this drug before giving them a green light to transition.
especially considering the gun debate raging once again, we're starting to hear the old argument that something is to be done about mental health in america, we need to make sure potential mass shooters get the psychological help they need i personally think this is wrong for a few reasons but i'll save that for another post . seems this is a catch 22. isn't it more likely that the connection between school shooters and being on anti depressants is just that school shooters were all previously mentally ill, and happened to be on anti depressants when they shot up the school? by the way, doesn't it prove that these mass shooters already received mental health attention if they're on anti depressants? i wonder if they have any methodology to prove that connection or if it's just a correlation causation fallacy. we wouldn't blame bread for driving school shooters to do what they do, but high chance that all school shooters ate bread on the day they shot up the school. clearly this isn't by design as it goes completely against the whole idea of the drug, and while i understand that the nature of these drugs means that the brain chemistry is being manipulated, are we to assume that the drug is so loosely designed to the degree that it could inadvertently cause someone to become violent? how would that drug get fda approval? thanks in advance.
there are many different programs different countries have done, such as maternity leave, healthcare reforms centered around birth care, subsidies to assist with childrearing cost, etc these are usually government forms of assistance, but there is also intense opposition to private attempts to help families with these issues planned parenthood is the first thing that comes to mind, but there are probably other good examples . so tl:dr, what am i saying. i'd like to see some justification for this, or just some sort of explanation for why they should keep up this mess of contradictions in us politics.
most religious movements dont just die out on their own, not even when most non believers see it as dangerous or stupid. the only way that powerful religious institutions lose power, or even stop gaining it, is when there is a rift between two sects of the religion. thoughts? ps. i realize there might be some copyright issues with their materials but disregard that if you please.
do we want to live in a world where a few handful of billionaires control the information about our personal lives? some might say yes because they're nobodies, have nothing to hide, aren't doing anything wrong, etc. and they're wrong because; amp; x200b; a just because you have nothing to hide doesn't mean that other people don't either. b having something to hide isn't in accordance with doing something wrong. many people, especially minorities, that live in oppressive countries need to hide their identities from these corporations and subsequently from their government to be able to live. c you're empowering these billion dollar companies to control and manipulate you in any way they like based on their knowledge of you. we know this is the case with personalised search results and feeds as well as insurers overcharging patients based on the data collected by their medical tracking device. d such a collection of companies no longer let us participate in democracy but rule over us in a corporatocracy. amp; x200b; as some might consider, opting out of all technology is not a possibility in this day and age. amp; x200b;
the question whether gods or a specific god exist s is a very hard one to meaningfully debate since in the end no one knows the answer. one either believes in religious or spiritual concepts or one doesn t. therefor describing oneself as agnostic about the supernatural and arguing it means that one does not know makes no sense no one knows. this means that being agnostic would actually mean not knowing what one believes in other words either being stupid or not having thought about the question much. please change my view!
in 2003 the nfl implemented the 'rooney rule' to encourage diversity. that rule says any team hiring a new coach or gm must interview at least one black person. it's been a great rule and one that should be expanded and implemented nationwide imo. this would go a long ways to getting real diversity into leadership positions and industries that are typically male dominated. this would go a long way to alleviating it. and it really wouldn't cost anyone anything anyway. if a company is going to interview 100 people for a position there's no real reason one of those 100 can't be someone who isn't a white, heterosexual, cis man. keep in mind that i'm including women in the definition of minorities so even in areas that are extremely white there are always going to be a minority who is qualified for the work. this isn't meant to be a punishment for white men and i'm open to waivers in cases where it's simply impossible or unreasonable to hire minorities but i suspect those would be few and far between.
i'm 29 years old. and i live in england. i've been smoking since i was 16. i'm a heavy smoker. whilst i've had the willpower over the years, the amount of chemicals in tobacco causes a very powerful addiction. the nhs does not teach you that quitting smoking can actually induce long term health effects. there have multiple reports over the years that attribute quitting smoking to things like asthma, copd, and more. as a heavy smoker, i fully support the view of some people although, i don't agree with it who say that by the fact i'm not trying hard enough to stop, i'm accepting the fact that i want to die. now not all people say this, or even word it like this, but i've heard it twice from different people. one smoked, one didn't. i don't want to die slowly, but i cannot stop yet. i just can't. i'm so stressed as it is, and i say this every time. addiction doesn't just effect your physical health or mental health, but effects your entire thought process as well. amp; x200b; another part to smoking, is not the addiction or the act of repetition such as putting the cigarette up to your mouth, but the factor of enjoyment. i 'enjoy' a cigarette with a cup of tea in the morning. however, enjoyment usually invokes feelings of happiness. not only due to the negative side effects when smoking, but also the ones for some people who quit. in britain is costs the nhs about 6 billion a year to combat smoking related illnesses, yet we're hounded with larger pack sizes which reduce the ability to control one's addiction. you smoke more, you spend more. it doesn't happen to everyone but it's happened enough to notice among people i know who smoke. cheers!
i'm not a huge history buff, but i've been trying to learn about this war and i'm having a hard time convincing myself out of this hunch. it seems to me that altruism is pretty rare in its purest form. i can't wrap my head around the notion that such a brutal conflict was fought primarily to benefit a group of people that were still treated like shit even in the states that claimed total opposition to slavery. slavery is awful, but why would young men in the north want to risk their lives for black slaves when they weren't even willing to treat free blacks with the same respect at home that they would other white folk? and correct me if i'm wrong, but didn't the north have a policy that escaped slaves were to be returned to their owners if caught? my position is this: the agrarian nature of the south required man power. the north had become more industrial and therefore did not depend on slave labour to thrive. the easiest way to cripple the south's economy would be to deprive them of their means of production while conveniently taking the moral high ground. i can't comment on the south's racism, but my feeling is that their livelihoods were more important to them than arbitrarily oppressing a race of people. could the south have really been so opposed to blacks being free that mothers would willingly sacrifice their sons to uphold slavery? it just seems like too much of a stretch for me to believe that the north was just a bunch a good guys for a brief period in history without having any other motives.
my rationale is mostly based on the freedom of choice principle. if two people who are able to give legal consent agree to participate in a duel for whatever reason, it should be allowed. it can lead to a more polite society with less toxicity, and different people can feel more accepted because of that. as for the deaths, they are unavoidable anyway. people kill each other for all sorts of reasons every single day. say, sometimes that's because of bullying due to social standing. imagine how great it would be to prevent such situation in the first place, as if there's definite risk of death for inappropriate behavior, it just keeps people in line. in the past rationale behind banning duels was that they caused too many deaths. but it was only a concern because the people who died were usually of upper classes, and their numbers were not easy to replenish at the time. but now we have a different system, and this concert is irrelevant.
first of all, i am going to elaborate and say that any benefit will be countered by downfall . any benefit can also come from other immigrant obviously, 'benefits' and 'down falls' are all subjectiv . if the argument is that the refugees are suffering, then one can argue that the european countries are worried about certain problems they may encounter and thus causing their country to suffe to me, it seems like the same thin . both groups just want the best for their 'group' firs . those who do fear about no go zones are sufferin on a side note, and this is relevant, i believe that suffering is subjective so you can say that we cannot compare the suffering of wars to those losing their cultur . but i disagre . many truly do fear 'no go zones . to them, it is like a war zon ? and, is there a way to put both interest at the same tim . in other words, refugees get a safe haven and their neighbours still keep the status qu
hell, you can even get space heaters but not space ac units. cmv.
it is my view that it does more harm than good to a community by sacrificing the number of jobs available to increase the well being of select individuals. furthermore, i don't think that the government is capable of setting an hourly wage that is 'fair' as fair is subjective and varies wildly by region and by career. if i open a clothing store, and i need to hire a cashier. i should pay said cashier a salary that is representative of the value said cashier brings to me and my store. assume that i can afford to pay the cashier is 30,000 a year about 15 an hour for the value they bring to the store. then that's what i pay the aforementioned cashier. i now have a choice: either i somehow make 10,000 dollars more this year, or i let my cashier go and take over the register myself. as automation technology matures, i may even upgrade to an all digital system. after all, it is impossible for you to do that for each and every small business. and yet, it is my job somehow to now deal with the consequences regardless of how my business is actually doing. in that scenario, the flick of a government pen has legislated away a job. please note: i am in favor of basic income.
what i understand a nihilist is: a person who believes that life is meaningless, rejects religion and moral principles. i feel like deep down everyone cares about something and that life is meaningful. i m an atheist too. so i do reject religion but i reject the notion that people or life cannot be meaningful. however, i do have certain moral principles. do nihilists truly believe that the impact of certain people can t have positive effects on the world? the people who surround you daily can have a tremendous impact on you. i m going to go out on a limb here and assume that every nihilist has their own morals and that obviously every nihilist is different. i m certain that if people were in dire need of help a nihilist would obviously try to help out. now if someone were to suggest that our impact in the grand scheme of things the universe is minuscule and irrelevant. i d agree. in my opinion, one could hold this opinion and at the same time believe that life is meaningful. lastly, wouldn t one have to be in a privileged position to be a nihilist? i may have gotten the definition mixed up or i m confused as to what being a nihilist means. so forgive my ignorance. i want to understand what it actually means if i m in the wrong here.
disclaimer: i eat meat and have no qualms about it. arguments that i've heard 1,000,000,000 times: cows pigs chickens aren't as cute as dogs cats though. there are ugly people too. it's no less wrong to kill a cute person than an ugly one. if you can eat a cow then why can't you eat a dog? i wouldn't do it if it wasn't so cheap! cost shouldn't define morality. it's not less immoral to spend 1. 00 on murder than 10. meatless food is also usually much cheaper than meat beans, rice, potatoes, etc. . it's when you get into blatant meat substitutes that the cost rises. even almond milk and vegan cheese can be cheaper than their dairy equivalents. i try to eat less meat! still no. that's like saying 'i only killed 3 people this week instead of 5! praise me! ' if it's wrong it's wrong. the amount doesn't change it. but my health! i have incredibly rare disorder so i have to eat meat! 1. that's probably not true. 2. then you care about yourself much more than you care about the mistreatment of animals, which is fine and natural. just be honest about it. someone who loves something enough will die for it.
consider the christian views on homosexuality. if someone identifies as a christian, i can be fairly certain that they either consider homosexuality to be a bad thing, or they played several games of mental gymnastics to explain how stoning homosexuals back in the day was somehow justified. the followers either hold an opinion i cannot morally agree with, or they are dishonest for denying that things like homophobia, slavery, etc. are advocated by their religion. amp; x200b;
i personally have not served in the military, but both my grandfathers have served, my dad's dad was a military police officer, and my mom's grandfather was a navy officer during the korean war. my dad's brother is a retired chief of police. and some of my friends from high school are serving right now. like the police brutality, and racism in our country doesn't exist. ignorance is bliss, and players aren't gonna stop because your feelings are hurt.
i checked out an introductory book about it from my school library as a teenager, and quickly gave up on it because it seemed boring and irrelevant to life. then i went to university to study english and creative writing, and had to study derrida and lacan and someone else i've forgotten. i found it so frustratingly impossible to engage with their ideas that i ended up dropping english after my first year because i hated it the day i made my mind up about dropping it was when i found myself sitting in a lecture about 'the thingness of things' . now, in the interests of full disclosure, i do have asperger's so maybe that's why i struggle to wrap my head around it. however, i don't generally have much of a problem with abstract ideas or theory of mind if i did i probably wouldn't have been studying english and creative writing at degree level in the first place . which is fine if you're religious, but there's religious studies and theology for that. if you're an atheist as i am, and believe in the big bang and evolution, then the question of why is irrelevant. there is no hidden meaning there. getting beyond the surface and looking deeper is a job for scientists, unpacking atoms and unravelling genomes. there's an assumption that answers can be gained from within, from thinking and writing and reading the essays of other thinkers. while i agree this is a worthy pursuit in terms of expanding one's field of empathy and learning about how other people view things, i don't see how any kind of new development can come of it. innovation requires looking outwards, observing and engaging one's environment. all that introspection can achieve is essentially the kind of thing you find in r showerthoughts re wordings of concepts you already knew, gimmicky novel approaches to the familiar. but it's obviously an ancient and widely studied area, so i presume there must be something more to it that i'm missing. can you shed any light on it? i hadn't really given much consideration to the applications of philosophy in the ancient world and its contribution to the development of logic, democracy and other fundamental concepts. so, overall the view expressed in the post title is changed but i won't be picking up any philosophy books any time soon.
i am always somewhat confused and taken aback by this as it doesn't seem realistic. feels like a hollywood plot point. you are thereby dooming yourself to a repeating cycle.
so please don't just downvote and tell me to fuck off because you hate my guts. 1. stay in the slow lane. you only have to worry about what's in front of you and to your left. which leads me to 2. don't tailgate. be far away from the person in front of you. stay aware of your surroundings. constantly be looking up and using your peripherals. 4. self explanatory 5. as long as you're driving straight, have plenty of space between you and the car in front of you, and are being constantly aware of your surroundings, your risk for an accident hasnt really increased as long as you are engaged enough to stop using your phone in risk situations that i described above. so please, change my view. please don't make your arguments about 'why do you need to even use your phone in the first place' or 'you are a shitty person putting everybody's lives at risk every time you drive', please discuss the points i mentioned above because making me reconsider those are the only thing that would really change my mind. i want to break this habit, but i'm convinced i don't need to. i'm not saying taking dumb snapchats and videos and not looking up for minutes is a smart idea. all i'm saying is that if you're smart about mitigating your risk, there really isn't that much to worry about
in my opinion, there are a few reasons why this notion is flawed. 1. as descendants of the perpetrators of almost unspeakable atrocities and as white males in the midst of a society in which many, if not most, minority groups have been made substantially worse off largely by white male authorities , being okay with being held accountable for that through humor is kinda the least we can do. i know this is gonna trigger a lot of whining about white guilt cuck and whatnot, and this is a bit of a minor point, but hear me out. america, as an idea, is built on a foundation of settler colonialism, slavery, and racism which is all too often ignored. as white people, whether or not that foundation was our own design, you can be damn sure we benefitted from it. one could easily make an argument that any wealth produced by whites in america is essentially stolen goods, since its genesis is free read: stolen land and labor. i m not sure i personally buy that argument, but frankly, i m amazed that even the most progressive social justice activists are mostly content to joke about cancelling white people which seems inherently silly and really hard to misconstrue as genuinely hateful to me . 2. privilege is pretty resilient. as an example of this, i ll use south africa. even after the anc assumes the leading role in south african government, massive differences between races persist. for example, in 2008, about 13. 6 of black south africans were hiv positive. however, according to the same study, only 0. 3 of white south africans were hiv positive. for comparison, in 2008 about 0. 2 of canadians were hiv positive. link to study: i m on mobile right now so i can t link too many more studies like this but hopefully it will suffice to say that this is but one example of how much better off ruling demographics end up even long after they exit rule. this makes me skeptical of the claim that someday racism against whites will be worse than it is now, justifying preemptive action. 3. equating racism against whites with other forms of discrimination is bad because it s an enormous false equivalency. so to clarify, in an ideal world, yes, i d agree in an abstract sense that racism is bad and shouldn t ever happen. however, in our world, lots of people are uniquely targeted by the world. black people are far more likely to be arrested, there s an ongoing epidemic of suicide in the lgbtq community, and hell, there are active concentration camps for hispanic children this side of the border. in such a world, not only is it really hard for me to care about some edgy tweets some fascist dug up, but it s also really hard for me to not feel really bad about trivializing these real and ongoing struggles against systemic oppression when magapepe1488 cries racism against a relatively harmless joke. anyway, thanks for listening to my enormous libcuck diatribe, and thanks for engaging in the discussion!
what we have seen of duloc is that it is a cleanly and civil community, a beacon of modernity in a dangerous and backwards medieval time wrought with criminals, beasts, and brutal natural environments. he is the overseer of a relatively safe and burgeoning community, a rare sight given the circumstances. the fact of the matter that many fail to discuss is that fairytale creatures truly have no place in duloc. such fairytale creatures largely fail to be contributing members of society. they cannot pay taxes, they largely cannot work, yet they unfairly reap the rewards of farquaad's administration. additionally, such fairytale creatures, despite their charm, are frequently troublemakers that disturb the peace. the chaos they sow when banished to shrek's swamp serves as a prime example. while he may have overreacted when sentencing shrek to death, his demise by the dragon was uncalled for and a demonstrably better outcome could have easily be obtained.
i am open to listening to different opinions and why this isn t a good idea. i don t mean very serious drugs but things like anti anxiety, anti depression and anti add. i think that these drugs can be traded illegally anyway which means that there is no safety control, and the government does not get money. not everyone can afford to get a diagnosis. not everyone wants to. i, for one, do not wish to go through the official process as its expensive, time consuming and makes me nervous. now, some people might say that these drugs can be abused. we could just make a system where you need a passport id and when you buy the drugs, and your name is entered in the system, and you can only refill after a month. anxiety and ad h d are fairly common problems and quite easy to help with medication. i don t see why i cannot just go to the pharmacy and get something to help me calm down or focus. now some people may bring up side effects or potential murder risks. this is why we would have the system where you can only get monthly refills. and this is why we would only sell lighter drugs in this way. the ones least likely to cause serious side effects. and if you get a side effect? you should just stop taking the tablets or talk to a doctor at that point, if you wish. you wouldn t have enough pills to kill anyone. i think even if you don t have anxiety but if you suspect you do, you probably do and you take the pills, i think the worst that could happen is they act like a sedative and you get sleepy. you could just stop taking them then. and most people are very stressed and worried these days, so there would be very few people who would take the pills truly without cause. same with ad h d. if people suspect they have it, they probably do. the worst that could happen, is you have a side effect and then stop taking your pills. or if it works, you can now concentrate on school or work. some parents won t take their kids to a doctor. my mum thinks mental illness is fake and dumb. i have pocket money and i could just buy my own medicine. i don t want to be failing school. so, could you please tell me some arguments against this? why would it not be a good idea? thanks. update: thank you for the responses. i do now have some doubts about whether this is a good idea. ideally, we would have safer, lighter drugs to use, but apparently not many exist now that fit the criteria. so its more of a future wish. i have also reevaluated my stance on the ssri s and now understand that withdrawal symptoms can be severe, and i m not including them in my idea anymore. i am going to bed now, and will be back tomorrow in maybe 14 hours. i have to have that much sleep because i have a math test on sunday and obviously i procrastinated and have one day left and there is little hope because i can only go 10 minutes before drifting off good night day
this is stupid and is not likely to happen. obviously racist people still exist, but, you are not likely to meet one or even be discriminated against by one in the modern day. this is another point i would like to make, so, ask for elaboration if you want it. thanks.
the title shows my basic premise when it comes to politics. i think people should have no governmental obstacles to stop them from being able to succeed from their own merit. i think that if you are a hard worker, you deserve to be able to work your way to the top, seek out knowledge, and stand above those who weren t able to succeed the way you did. you should be able to work your way from the bottom and get to be a ceo or the president or any other top level position if you work and learn and push yourself to the top. i don t think for instance, having affirmative action programs are a good idea. the way i understand it, they try to push for diversity by for example, if two people both have the same qualifications, or indeed even if one is higher than the other, the one with lower or equal standards could get accepted instead, solely based on their race or other criteria, even if they were less qualified. another example is if you have 3 people in a room, a, b, and c. a earns a lot of money, and gets taxed at a higher rate than both b and c, despite the fact that a works harder than b and c. just because he has more money, that money is redistributed to b and c so they can also get a higher standard of living, even though they didn t work for it like a did. these kinds of ideas i think are counterproductive, especially the more they increase. in my last example for instance, if everyone was to give all their money to d, who then combined all the money and then gave it back to a b and c equally, then you end up with a problem. if a knows their money will just be given back to the b and c anyway, why try and make so much more money? and b and c, why would they try and earn more money if they know that they can just rely on a to get it for them? so now a, b, and c all have less incentive to work, and therefore they all have less money. welfare programs promote this kind of behavior as well. instead if we took it in the complete opposite direction, and they all kept everything they had, then they would all have an incentive to earn more money. a could get richer, and even employ b and c if they were willing to work for a, and b and c would realize that they couldn t just rely on a to get everything for them. they would have to work in order to survive, and would therefore have to earn things for themselves. they all have an incentive to work, and therefore must better themselves to earn things. this principle can be applied to many things, such as speech, wherein the opportunity would be everyone can speak their mind. if b and c decided that they didn t like something that a said, they could simply not associate with him. they could instead speak how they wanted to, and tell a to buzz off, and associate with what they want. if outcome was put into place, and a was not allowed to say those things that b and c didn t like, then b and c would feel more comfortable, but a wouldn t be allowed to express their opinions, and would therefore lead to a less diverse group of opinions and discussions. also, if a was to open a shop and discriminate against gay people for instance, if they all had equal opportunity, then b could open up a shop, and c might decide that they don t like a s policy that much, or perhaps c is gay as well, and decide to go to b. this would rob a of his business, and he would either be forced to change his policy, or lose money because of the customers that didn t like his policy or were refused because of it. if they all had the same outcome, this couldn t happen, but if a was religious, and didn t want to serve these gay people for instance, then it would violate his freedom of religion. i should also mention that i think this is better from a moral standpoint as well, not just a logical standpoint. in the first example, b and c are taking a s money and giving it to themselves just because a earned more than they did. they are taking away a s right to their money. in the second example, b and c are taking away a s right to speak as he chooses. he said something they didn t like or agree with, and said by law, you cannot say that anymore. i should make a distinction that this is different if a said i am going to kill you. that implies he is about to attack you, and you should be able to criminalize that. i m referring to if a said b should die in a fire. that s not nice, but it doesn t imply action. a shouldn t be criminalized for saying something mean. in the third example, b and c are taking away a s right to choose who a gives their service to. no one has a right to someone s services. in this example, the government is forcing a to do something that he doesn t want to do, violating his religious beliefs as well. that is my stance when it comes to politics. change my view!
i have to preface this by saying i realize this isn't a serious topic, and i understand it's not an important problem to debate or is it? additionally, i did not grow up reading marvel comics, and i have had very little context on thanos besides what i saw in the avengers movies. he believes that the snap will prevent economic collapse. he says: what's happened since then is that the children born have known nothing but full bellies and clear skies. it's a paradise. i am failing to see how this would work: 1. the post snap scene shown in the movie does not show a thriving civilization. why wouldn't we see hundreds of worlds being perfectly happy with how things are now? 2. if you cut half the population, i imagine that would initially cause political chaos, all the jobs needing to be transferred, all the people making moves because certain people are gone. suddenly, 2x the resources are available, but half the people are there to use them. would this not lead to a universe wide baby boom? how would people not want to start wars with other planets for those unused resources? am i supposed to buy the idea that everything will be 2x more readily available and things will just go on as normal? 3. i understand that thanos saw this strategy work on gamora's homeworld, but i don't see how it would have worked in that case either, for the reasons above. in that sense, i believe thanos is really falling for a logical fallacy by thinking his past approach will work anywhere. please change my view!
i recently stumbled across the idea of progressive traffic fines, which work in a way similar to progressive taxes. i came to agree with the notion, though i've found few arguments to the contrary. c a progressive traffic fine based on the income of the violator would punish violators more equally, and thus be more just. i am willing to entertain other ideas about this, and change my view where merited!
i'm not even talking exclusively about relationships. pretty much every single passion in my life was a 'phase'. even relationships were phases for me. you're over it. cmv.
first of all, please don't tell me that it's wrong to hate people, period. not every white person is like david duke. not every gay person is like jeffrey dahmer. not every old man is like jerry sandusky. not every black person is like john allen muhammad. and not every muslim is like osama bin laden. i don't think anybody can prove me wrong on that! one can argue that many germans agreed with hitler that the world would be a better place without jews. sandusky must have also been of the opinion that it was acceptable to molest children as long as he could get away with it . so what if their sexual preferences differ? martin luther king said it best: 'instead of judging people by their skin color, the world would be a better place if we only judged them by the content of their character. '
i feel like we can beat racism homophobia etc. by simply having and expressing better ideas. i'd much rather have the racists out in the open with their beliefs and allow society to choose where to put their business. their is a massive amount of money and time wasted on an issue that would be solved naturally with a free market.
the key distinction needs to be drawn between impulse and action. i look at it the same way i look at trans or homosexuality from the perspective that i don t believe people have a choice in who or what they re attracted to. the important difference being that there isn t anything inherently wrong with those who identify as lgbtq acting on their impulses. people shouldn t feel bad about their impulsions, and if they didn t then they may be less likely to act on them. i would be in favor of companies that manufacture sex dolls that look like minors if the purchase of those products resulted in less people who suffer from pedophilia committing crimes against children including the viewing and circulation of child pornography.
to me, this makes no sense, and the people arguing in favor of it are being discriminatory towards those who have 'mental illness'. i see it as no different than saying when you go to register to vote, the government does a 'background check' and if they they deem you as 'mentally ill' then you are stripped of your right to vote. to me, this is inherently unconstitutional. what's to stop a government from deeming those who are tran sexual as 'mentally ill' and saying they don't have rights, if we concede that 'mentally ill' people aren't protected by the bill of rights?
i ve heard many arguments about this lately but its really hard for me to take seriously. how much more free can speech be in the united states? is there anything more that can be done to make speech freer without subtracting rights from others. should freedom of speech be so free that there should be no legitimate consequences to what a person says? should we also be able to falsely shout fire in a crowded theatre. does any regulation on speech regardless of its magnitude mean that freedom of speech is completely lost? i ve yet to hear of anyone being imprisoned specifically for being political incorrect. the possibility of being fired by an employer who disagrees with your speech seems totally legitimate to me. is this wrong?
what i mean is that neither humans nor any animal can really choose anything. the future is as set in stone as the past. i base this on a few things: to the best of my knowledge, there is no divine being. the inability of the conscious mind to micromanage the brain. basically, the fact that you can't just release serotonin dopamine endorphins on command. this means the brain is a slave to its surroundings, because your course of action depends on what chemicals are currently in your brain if you're angry, you're more likely to snap at someone. not to mention to paradox this would cause in the first place.
recently posted the same subject on r unpopularopinion but it looks like that subreddit is not fit for discussions. this simply means that racism towards asian people have been highly desensitized. racists remarks or actions towards asian people may not be considered racist by non asian people. some examples or racism i will cover are. use of racist remarks such as chink, japs, gook, paki, slant eyed and et cetera sometimes gets used in mainstream media without acknowledgement that these words might be offensive and even comparable to the n word. all asians are grouped similarly. now, i've heard that it was hard for most people to differentiate between chinese, japanese, and korean people. and i fully understand that it is hard. i'm not wishing for people to automatically know which country i was from, but to be respectful when asking. i don't mind it when people take interest and ask me directly 'hey, are you from somewhere else? ' that's fine. just don't come up to me or other asian people and start saying things like 'ni hao' or 'konnichiwa' or 'annyounghaseyo'. and please note. the reason why some asian people might be offended when mistaken for another race is that there are some 'badblooded' history between them. i personally love japan. but for my parents and grandparents who personally faced wwii, korean war, and japanese colonial era directly, they might really dislike being mistaken for a japanese person. the notion that things aren't racist because other race see them as 'positive' is just. weird. i am still allowed to be upset if i get mocked for being bad at math despite being asian. 'well asian people are more successful and smart. so they shouldn't complain'. when i hear this excuse, they are almost always referring to chinese, japanese, or korean people. they are completely omitting south eastern asians who for the most part, are not as successful when they are in the states. not to mention that not all asian people come from wealth or success. my single mother had to quit school at 17 to start selling donuts, often working 80 90 hour week just to get by. i'm pretty sure she can complain a bit. she had 5. 0 out 4. 0 gpa through ap courses, loads of extracurricular activities including being the treasurer and later president of student council, perfect attendance, 35 and later 36 on act. basically the whole yard. but for university, she had to settle for our state university due to lack of scholarship offers and out financial situation. personally, i'm a permanent resident of united states, who for some odd reason was marked as an international student. i had to 'compromise' by giving up my 12,000 scholarship in exchange of paying in state tuition rather than out of state tuition. one thing to note is that anyone who graduated from our public high school is considered to be in state. despite attending the same school from preschool till graduation, i was still marked as an international student who must identify themselves and show documents in order to be marked so. 'don't be such a special snowflake'. i personally don't understand the whole 'xzhe, xzher' thing myself and don't consider myself to be a sjw. but i do believe in standing up for what i believe. i also believe that i am not making a 'big deal' over nothing, or blowing things out of proportion. i have personally witness korean international students fall into depression and self harming due to racism. some of which, had decided to go back to korea rather than continuing them study. i don't think this is a 'small deal'. my parents own a shop in a minority asian part of town. for the first decade or so, they have been targeted due to their race fortunately the neighbor are now very much welcoming of us and are mostly very pleasant! asian people are fetishized. you guys probably know what i mean already. the notion that asian females are 'submissive' 'meek' 'eager to please' 'tighter' are all very sick. asian guys are emasculated. i guess if statistic shows that on average, asian guys are smaller in certain areas, i can't really argue with that. but they aren't less of a man because of that alone. i'm going to be 100 honest. i'm a very feminine guy so i can't really give personal examples for this one. but i have seen quite a bit of my korean acquaintances get rejected on the sole grounds of being asian. i'm not stating that asians have it the worst. i'm not stating that asian people aren't racists themselves. i'm stating that there are racism against asian people that people of other race might not consider racist when they really are. please. don't say 'well asian people are the most racist people i know so ' yea, my mom's super racist.
1 if i felt more masculine than feminine, couldn t i just dress and live as such without having to remove healthy tissue? isn t the idea that you want to cut your genitals off, mental illness? 2 identity is psychological, not biological. you can identify as a double amputee trapped in a normal body, should a physician remove your legs? 3 if i want to cut off healthy legs, i m mentally ill. but if i want to cut off my breasts, then i m just a man in a woman s body? 4 i understand that the trans community has high rates of self harm and suicide. 5 if i was told at age 10 that i might be a boy, i very well could picture myself declaring i was boy. especially the awkward prepubescent years when breast buds were forming and you just feel like your body is weird. 6 when my child says he s a dog, i don t buy him dog bowls and put his meals on the floor. but if a boy says he s a girl, i m not supportive if i don t buy stereotypical girl things and tell him he s a girl? we can t give children tattoos even if they want them, but we can block puberty? 8 if gender identity was truly hard wired at birth and people were born into the wrong body wouldn t identical twins, 100 of the time, have the same gender identity? those teen goths saw it as expressing their identity and that other people just didn t get. childhood transgenderism feels like the same fad, but with extremely permanent repercussions. i m truly disturbed that the current policy at least where i work is to encourage this. i cringe hard when i picture myself at 14 and 15, but what if those identity choices had been permanent? imagine a 16 year old girl who insists she s a man because she always was a tom boy. imagine she has her breasts removed, and then for the rest of her life she has to justify that decision she made as a teenager. she can t say it was just a phase now. it s irreversible and we have no idea what the implications of it are yet. this is my view and i don t want to be right. so? change my view?
this would also promote equality, as anyone could get the same level of defence. i think its ridiculous that a rich person can currently receive significantly better representation than a poor person, things would be different if nobody needs to worry about the cost when hiring a lawyer. the state could determine an upper limit to attorney fees if the cost is too high otherwise.
i truly hope you can change my view on this, since i am very well aware that this is both an incredibly boring and depressing view to have. i do not have a background in science, and i am very well aware that people much more accomplished than myself would strongly disagree, but that being said, the more i look at the facts, the less likely it seems that anything productive can be accomplished by colonizing, or even traveling to, other planets. let's look at what we currently know about space travel: the nearest star, other than the sun, is over four light years away from the earth. keep in mind that the planets of this star system most likely won't be able to sustain human life, meaning that all the individuals and equipment required to terraform and repopulate another planet one which we know basically nothing about would have to be transported more than four light years away from earth. additionally, the people who would go on such an expion would be unable to communicate with anyone on earth, since we are unable to send messages so far away using any kind of technology that currently exists, and would be completely unable to return. with this in mind, it seems nearly impossible that we will ever be able to reach, let alone colonize another star system, but what about our own star system? well, first let's consider our reasons for colonizing these planets in the first place. most of these planets are either too hot or too cold to sustain life, with the most likely exception being mars, venus, and a number of moons, including our own. even so, these planets present incredibly hostile environments; they are home to extreme temperatures, little to no oxygen, and most likely no liquid water whatsoever. there are theories as to how we might be able to terraform these planets, making it possible for humans to survive there, although needless to say that won't be an easy process. while there is little doubt earth is becoming less habitable to humans, the reality is we currently have water, oxygen, food, plant life, and temperatures humans can survive in almost everywhere on the planet. if it is possible to terraform an environment which is as hostile as mars or venus, shouldn't it also be possible to re terraform earth? wouldn't this be much easier, and a much more productive use of our resources? so perhaps we don't need to colonize other planets, but they are still home to a number of resources that we can benefit from here on earth, right? maybe we can simply set up mining stations throughout our solar system, and bring minerals back to earth. the problem with this is that inter planar travel costs a lot of resources as it is. transporting mining equipment and mining staff to another planet, and transporting a significant quantity valuable minerals back to earth would be extremely cost inefficient. admittedly we would also be granted access to entire planets worth of raw materials, so some might argue that the trade off is ultimately worth it, but keep in mind that we would also need to burn enormous amounts of fuel, and since we currently depend primarily on fossil fuels, we most likely wouldn't be able to find anything of comparable value anywhere else in the solar system. remember that we are currently facing the risk of running out of fossil fuels entirely, and that they are, as the name suggests, made of organic material. with this in mind, it is almost impossible that we will find anything like it elsewhere in our solar system. like i said at the beginning, this is a massive bummer, and i truly hope i'm wrong. i do not have a background in science, and there is a good chance i don't know what i'm talking about, so if you are able to change my view, i would be extremely happy. that being said, if i'm right, i believe the scientific community would be better off recognizing this hard truth, and dedicating their resources to something more productive than space travel, such as researching ways to make the earth continue to be inhabitable.
they can cause disastrous demographic shifts, similar to those china and india are seeing in certain regions. this reasoning is not applicable in western countries for several reasons: 1 children of all genders are equally welcome, for the most part. while sexism, homophobia, or transphobia certainly can affect children as they age, parents probably aren't going to select for one sex over the other in significant numbers. 2 parents who are willing to abort a fetus of the wrong gender will probably mistreat that child as he or she ages. if you're committed enough to get a relatively late abortion i. e. at the 18 week range because you want a boy, there's a reasonable chance you won't be a good parent to a daughter you're forced to have. 3 any laws limiting abortion based on gender will disproportionately affect minorities. doctors will assume that the abortion is because of the fetus's sex and deny certain segments of the population care, for fear of breaking the law. moreover, winding back abortion rights is dangerous in today's political climate. cmv!
cmv.
if you take the steps to intentionally get pregnant and give a child life, you are already treating your kid unfairly and here's why. you are consenting to life for them. that should be up to only then imo yes, i know that's unrealistic; js . they have no say in if they experience life or not. they didn't ask for life. by having children, you are consenting to the very strong possibility of your child's suffering. if anyone can explain how not, my view will be changed. change my view.
i was taken by surprise at this comment on r askwomen about what women 'shouldn't' settle for i believe men tend to settle for a lot less on average and are generally content with a decent life such as in this scenario. men are happy with a woman who's social and getting her life on track while men who are deemed 'normal' are undesirable.
it is cheap. it is durable. it is easy to clean and maintain. it has nice health benefits cooking acidic foods in it will leech iron from the pan into the food giving you a nice iron supplement. it retains heat extremely well. it can also withstand said heat better than other cookware try using a nonstick pan from your kitchen on a campfire. it is heavy sure, but the weight is the sole negative to this amazing material. cmv!
i am in english 4 honors right now and we have been doing a lot of reading with out dystopian books mine being 1984 by george orwell . by going by the premise that first off, being perfect is impossible, and for a perfect society to exist would be impossible as long as there is one person unhappy with it. a society were everyone is equal or whatever 'mask' is put on it will always lead to a rebellion; hunger games, 1984, divergent, and even wall e to some extent. the books movies only give us insight to what a utopia dystopia may look like as we have no true idea that we are living in one or not. i am open to any suggestions that you guys may have!
the first and most troubling in my opinion is the health at all size mentally. they push the idea you can be healthy well being overweight or obese but they ignore statistic that obesity can take years off their life, according to national institutes of health extreme obesity can take up to 14 years off your life. not to mention how it raises your risk for diabetes and heart disease. the second reason is how quick they are to shame skinny women with phrases like real men like curves only dogs go for bones and calling them anorexic. finally, the lack of willingness at the forefront of the movement to have discussions with those who oppose them. i m not meaning everyone but more so those who are the face of the movement the ones doing interviews. i am all for self acceptance and self love but i do think you should want to be as healthy as you can be especially if you love yourself. i hold this view because i come from a family of larger people and i have noticed that before this movement they were working out losing the weight and now they are much less inclined to change. it genuinely worries me and the second reason is when i was in middle school there way a lunch lady who was overweight and would preach body positivity but would ask skinnier girls if they were throwing up their food or if they ate and it never came across as her being worried. she would so bluntly say it in front of other students. change my view?
to preface: i'm not talking specifically about whether or not there is a male female binary. also, i am still thinking this through, so calling me transphobic or something will not change my view.
way too much time, energy, thought, and money is being poured into what are we gonna do about the opioid crisis? ? ? how are we going to save and continue to support these addicts who aren t behaving like they want to be alive anyway? in my early 20s i was a drug addict and after getting pregnant, i made the choice to get help and turn my life around. i am many many years sober now and i am very successful. so i know for a fact that it is possible to make the choice to stop abusing substances, put in the hard work, and become a contributing member of society. they are their own responsibility. it was the best thing that could have happened to myself, my children, and others in my family. it saved us all heartache and money. it also saved the taxpayers money. the world would be a better place with fewer of those shitbags sucking time, energy, and resources from everyone around them. if people weren t so hell bent on saving addicts who don t give any indication that they value their life at all, there would be fewer homeless people, less crowded emergency rooms, police officers would be able to spend their time on real problems, the jails would be less overcrowded, etc.
i see less and less people who try to think, 'maybe this person just doesn't know how safe vaccines are' or 'this person doesn't know a lot about this subject, let me help correct them'. i'm not trying to give off the whole 'today's kids aren't as nice and polite as they used to' but i feel as if people on the internet feel as if they can say do or act in anyway possible, so they use it as an excuse to bash other people sometimes. this just ends up resulting in the other person feeling the hate that the person behind their screen might not have given them in real life. what do you guys think?
the artist and former opium addict jean cocteau once remarked that despite the pain opium had brought to his life, he still looked back fondly on his experiences with it. if it were possible to prevent the negative neurological adaptions that cause addiction from opiates and similar substances, i do not think there would be anything wrong with their use, and in fact, i believe they could become extremely beneficial to society. people suffering from chronic pain could take medication without risking addiction, and as a recreational substance, hard painkilling drugs could potentially offer therapeutic benefits. i am not a scientist, and i accept that this premise might be difficult to the point of futility. but if it were somehow possible, i personally think the only argument not to invest in it would be a puritanical aversion to 'drugs' as a concept.
even if we need to spend a little more taxpayer money improving prisons, if prisoners don't re offend, then it's money well spent. gt; gt; opposing claim: prisoners have earned themselves punishment, prison should be about punishment, not rehabilitation. or better yet, execute them or make sure the prison is so bad that they quickly die there, because that eliminates their chance of re offending. i oppose the death penalty because empirical evidence proves that it doesn't work not because of any sympathy for human beings. but i also can't deny that an executed criminal has 0 amp; 37; chance of re offending even the best prison systems can't achieve that. even if one does not support the death penalty, the prospect of punishing a criminal sounds like justice. secondary, optional cmv : i just called criminals 'human beings'.
people would probably be like 'no shit sherlock', that isn't the first time i posted something almost universally accepted on this sub asking people to change my view last time was 'inciting violence should be illegal' . but the fact is a sizable group of people have been convinced and the movement is growing. i just want to make sure i am on the side i want to be on and not be swooshed along social norms of the 2010s. the main reason is that children, preteens and young teenagers cannot and should not consent. i am 18, i still am not ready to consent and looking back at middle school nobody was ready to consent. and before that it was never a question. you might think that non offenders are absolved. but really there are offenders and soon to be offenders. sexual urges are strong things. no willpower can make you not follow through, and even if you personally can resist, other people can't. now with all due respect, i don't know how they feel. also if people claim 'oh they just watch cartoon child porn which harms nobody'. it isn't all people's cup of tea.
i will freely admit to being a liberal in favor of gun control. but my fianc is a single issue voter about gun rights. gun rights outrank every other issue to him and his friends, and i'd like to understand where they come from before we marry. they cite the revolutionary war as an example. in my view, a modern armed population will never be able to win against the current us military. civilians don't have apache helicopters. almost everyone i know can't run 5 miles straight. at best, it'd be years of bloody civil war like syria's and they still wouldn't win. as the years go by, military technology will only continue to outpace the tech available to civilians and this rationale will become more and more far fetched. the whole argument seems like a theoretical exercise that shouldn't be the foremost political issue to anyone. i hope to understand opposing viewpoints.
and this is a guy who, although he's much too liberal for florida, i think he's got a huge problems with how he's governed tallahassee. you know, he is an articulate spokesman for those far left views. he's a charismatic candidate. and you know i watched those democrat debates, none of that was my cup of tea, but i mean he performed better than the other people there, so we've got to work hard to make sure we continue florida going in a good direction. gt; let's build off the success we've had under governor scott. that is not gonna work, that's not gonna be good for florida. so, i'm going to fight for what i believe in because i think i'm the guy who can really lead florida in a good direction. ' 1. i acknowledge the abhorrent history in the us of comparing black people to animals, particularly non human primates. 2. there is also a well known history of describing an african american 'articulate,' which has to do with the bigotry of low expectations, as if it's notable that an african american can express themself normally. the fact that these phenomenon exist does not mean that desantis was motivated by them, or that his statement was a dog whistle. it is assuming too much and giving the most uncharitable interpretation to make him a villain. more likely, he just used an unfortunate choice of phrase as a stand in for 'screw this up. ' saying otherwise requires that you know what is in his mind. we don't. he says, 'let's build off the success we've had under governor scott. we could monkey this up by embracing a bad agenda. people are saying this is a racist 'dogwhistle. ' again, this assumes so much, as if he is strategically choosing his words to appeal to racists. was he being racist? was he using the word 'articulate' as a dog whistle to get the attention of racists? often people use 'articulate' word when 'eloquent' would be the better choice, because the former means that someone can speak fluently, and the latter means to express that someone skillfully and beautifully expresses their ideas. sometimes 'articulate' is an appropriate though, and here it really does seem appropriate. i'm an articulate spokesman for the benefits of a low carb diet i can speak fluently on a topic that would trip up a lot of other people. i am not an eloquent spokesman for it i'm not going to capture your hearts and minds. these people are 'articulate spokesman,' but not necessarily eloquent. again, ideally he would have avoided these phrases.
i know i'm 4. 0 x 10 5782028483058102 years late to this, but they did try to search for the plane and never found it, and they brought the search to a close. i don't know what else to think. now i'm afraid to fly.
democrats: left leaning social policies and more support for safety nets. economic policy is to serve corporate masters to the extreme. the article i linked above explains why i feel this way. corporations have a 35 tax rate which is already far too low. the r's control most branches of government and slash it to 21. now the d's claim via schumer when they take back control they will raise it to 25 . so effectively we gave them a 10 tax cron already too low taxes not to mention the loop holes. is this the best i can hope for? racists that rob me and the workers or people that allow some progressive policy and still rob the workers? please change my view.
the title is my premise. my conclusion follows from the following premises that i believe to be true; any anti abortion position, at some point and to some degree, relies on a sexual moralist philosophy. sexual moralism is inherently sexist. the latter is semantically impossible, and i think it's pretty hard to argue that sexual moralism isn't sexist. by sexual moralism, i'm referring to the notion that engaging in some or all sexual behavior is somehow wrong, dirty, inappropriate, and or worthy of punishment against a given set of norms, religious or otherwise. these worldviews always include some level of a double standard, most notably the idea that consent to sex is somehow consent to pregnancy. this is a double standard, as men do not risk pregnancy when they engage in sex. when carried out into the abortion discussion, it typically frames pregnancy as a 'punishment,' or at best a deserved result, of 'irresponsible' sexual activity. my first premise is most open to challenge, and it's where the discussion will get hairier. however, those who profess this belief are often politically conservative, and the politically conservative have historically also favored war and the death penalty. to hold these practices in favor while opposing abortion entails that there is something different about death in war or prosecution than there is about death in an abortion and, when you boil it down, you'll be left with 'the woman chose to have sex. ' cmv!
everyone likes to argue that it's not as bad as other drugs but it still can be very psychologically addictive and damaging. smoke from burning marijuana is nearly equally as bad as tobacco cigarettes which society has agreed are bad for you so why does everyone pretend that this is ok? everyday it seems i can find new studies that have more and more downsides to marijuana smoke in the short and long term and i just don't understand why people seem to think that there are no downsides here. medicinally it still is considered to have no medical benefits and i don't really see how it possibly could as current understanding of thc which is the strongest known cannabinoid in marijuana seems to cause more harm then good. i can understand that cbd is being shown to be successful in treating things like chronic pain and anxiety however thc vastly outnumbers cbd in weed and smoking to get these effects seems counterproductive. i feel as if medical marijuana companies are trying to piggyback off the false notion that it's a harmless drug and push it onto people asap similarly to how tobacco companies operated back in the day. at the end of the day these companies are profitable off addiction and they have ulterior motives when it comes to testing this stuff. they say things like it's not as bad as alcohol or tobacco cigarette but to me this seems like a logical fallacy as one could really justify any reckless behavior this way. one of the main reasons i've been so torn up on this lately is that a lot of my friends including my girlfriend started smoking and have definitely changed. it bothers me. it bothers me that they started presumingly under age and were not fully aware of the consequences and now a lot seem to have dependencies on the drug. they claim it's fine but in my eyes it's the same as smoking as cigarette, at least in the physical sense, and if people smoke tobacco to unwind most people would agree that it's very unhealthy to form habits around that. at the end of the day, smoking every once in a while won't kill you in the same way occasionally smoking a cig won't kill you, however i believe that having a dependency on anything is not healthy and weed is no exception.
so of course i have to start with the obligatory 'i'm not defending pedos'. i'm not. the show was very popular throughout the mid to late 00s. there is a youtube channel devoted to the same subject matter called pop squad. i've been binge watching lately, and was a avid tcap viewer. it's all about watching someone's lives get ruined right before our eyes, and bonus it's about a subject that is pretty much the go to thing to find reprehensible in most of the western world. catching child predators in a sting honorable. catching child predators in a sting set up for the purpose of entertaining the masses hm. police do many, many stings of the same nature, and we don't hear about it. the men caught are severely punished just like their caught on national tv counterparts. i think these nationally broadcast stings often do more harm than good heaven for a defense attorney. but even aside from that, is it right?
so many friends of mine hate when i discuss the way their meat is slaughtered and packaged all up for the store not while they are eating though. i m not a jerk. but i haven t had meat in 5 years because of this very reason. i hate watching videos of animals be slaughtered, let alone actually doing it. if you don t, you re just reaping the rewards while being completely disconnected from what is actually on your plate. i find it more justified for a farmer to eat an animal they raised or a hunter to eat an animal they actually hunted simply because there s more respect for the animal they killed. they saw it alive and made the conscious decision to kill for their meal. no one who goes shopping for their pork ribs or chicken breasts at their local grocery has that connection to the living animal. it s just meat not a once living being. now i ll acknowledge that it s more efficient for factory farms to exist. i m not expecting anyone to go slaughter a chicken during their lunch break.
to every extent. if you want to take a shitload of heroin and die, it's your decision. i don't understand why anyone would have the right to police what other people can and can't do with their own body. in the even that this was a reality, all drugs would have to come with adequate warning labels similar to 'smoking kills' and would be regulated to ensure that drugs weren't cut with dangerous substances. what are the problems with this model?
looks aren't everything, but they're a lot. most among us get by with looking pretty average and life is good. some among us are super sexy and life is really good. some among us are below average and life sucks. why? because looks are correlated with happiness and earning potential. zillions of studies prove it, it's more or less not arguable. studies that set out specifically with the intention to disprove it end up coming to similar conclusions with like some sort of an exception like 'but super ugly people sometimes earn more than only moderately ugly people! ' never anything like attractive people tho. i think there was an exception for hot women or something like that, but they're happier anyway so who cares lol. i don't think going for the whole 'beauty is in the eyes of the beholder' thing is going to work out well lol. it's kinda laughable nowadays, i mean we know what ugly looks like. it's having a fucked up chin, or really fat face, or just lack of symmetry in general. and this post is specifically going for the more extreme ends of what 99 of people consider ugly so it's going to be hard to convince people they're just beautiful the way they are and shouldn't change. ik all of these people imho made a life changing decision that was only for the better and i think people should stop lying to seriously ugly people and encourage them to look gorgeous. it would be one thing if we lived in a time period where we just had to go 'woops, looks like you got unlucky. o well kiddo just deal with it' like, no. fuck that, people have options now. and i think it is cruel to tell ugly people they shouldn't try to look better. everyone deserves to be gorgeous and have women or men or both! fawn over them. cmv!
espousing things like nazism, racism, and sexism will result in you being deplatofrmed and not taken seriously. which is good and how it should be. i think this is causing a few loud mouthed people to ruin a lot of really good left leaning viewpoints to go unnocited and instantly dismissed. do other people think a line can should be drawn in regards to far left thinking? if not then why?
ok i might be having a rest now. i'll be mating on what i have read anyway i was here to get schooled so yeah, go for it : i really want to change my view on this because i'm always being labelled a bigot. but tbh i can't get to you all this is a very contentious issue so i can see a lot of people getting mad. i am sorry and i don't mean to diss anyone but this is my belief and the reason im posting it here is to get my mind changed! ! ! don't get me wrong, men feeling like they have women's brains inside a man's body makes sense in a sense of emotive response to personality. i'm not saying this out of hate, because genuine concern is needed for these individuals. furthermore, studies do indicate much of the lgbt community have more chance of self inflicted harm. well, change my view ps. 'm not hating, i legit am concerned getting lots of replies on this one, sorry for not responding for a while for some of them okay i'm not hating on lgbt people and i'm really open to having my mind changed but the downvotes are astronomical
in 2016 the us spent over 611 bn. that is equivalent to 3. 3 of gdp or 54 of all discretionary spending that year. its military budget dwarfs that of every other country on the planet. other countries don t even come close: 2. china: 215. 7 bn. , 1. 9 of gdp 3. russia: 69. 2 bn. , 5. 3 of gdp 4. saudi arabia: 63. 7 bn. , 10 of gdp 5. india: 55. 9 bn. , 2. 5 of gdp 6. france: 55. 7 bn. , 2. 3 of gdp 7. united kingdom: 48. 3 bn. , 2. 0 of gdp 8. japan: 46. 1 bn. , 1. 0 of gdp 9. germany: 41. 1 bn. , 1. 2 of gdp 10. south korea: 36. 8 bn. , 2. 7 of gdp the us spends as much as the next 7 countries combined of which only china and russia are not american allies. countries like iran, algeria and pakistan only come in at places 19 21 with around 10 bn. respectively. just russia, israel, the golf monarchies and some repressive regimes around the world beat this percentage many of whom use their military internally to stay in power. for reference: iran spends 3. 0 . ultimately more than half of the countries named in the list above are off limits anyway because they have nuclear deterrence of their own. to control terrorism in central asia or the sahel a relatively modest drone program paired with direct aid would probably be sufficient and certainly more cost effective than trillion dollar wars. not to mention that in the 21st century real hegemony is created by economic means see chinas engagement in africa or central asia one belt one road . all the numbers are taken from sipri s 2017 fact sheet and from the national priorities project. please change my view!
sorry for the weird title but i couldn t think of a better way to phrase it. i m white. i m male. i m straight. so now what? that s really the question that i wonder whenever people bring this up. i can t stop other people from being racist or sexist. to many people it seems like there s a lot more fire behind it. like i said, it s not like i m gonna give all my money to black people or something like that. so cmv. maybe there really is a reason people are so adamant on this topic?
i don't necessarily hold this belief, because i know that realistically the us won't ban guns as a whole any time in the near future. it's more of a logical thing to me. in 2015, there were roughly 30k deaths due to terrorism in the world source that doesn't differentiate between motivations, but for the sake of this let's just say they're all islamic extremism. there were an estimated 1. 8 billion muslims in the world according to pew source that's about 1. 667 terrorism deaths per 100,000 muslims. about 30 of american adults report owning at least one gun, so about 97. 5 million. even if we only count murder, 11k in 2016 it doesn't seem fair to include suicides , that's 11. 28 gun murders per 100,000 gun owners. we can adjust that to the whole us population, and it's still significantly higher, at 4. 62 100,000. i might be doing bad math, and there's some overlap that i didn't account for.
value in local currency . its time to make the switch!
i say this not because of some misogynist rant but because it really is terrible. i'm volunteering as a youth coach for boys u12s. i think there's a simpler logic as to why. no fault of theirs though.
seriously, please change my mind, i've been thinking about this for too long i will explain in greater detail through examples. alex jones has been in the news the past few months as service after service drop him like the dead opossum your dumbass uncle picked up before he realized the lil fella wasn't so dead after all they suddenly realized what they'd been carrying, squealed like little girls, let go with all but two fingers, hurled it as far away from them as they could, warned it not to come back, and vowed to do a better job of prodding with a stick whatever they're about to pick up to see if it is what it seems like . insert whichever supposedly harmless person or group you'd like in his place. i posit that deplatforming jones or others requires no reason to be given. any reason given is also of little to no importance. it is a different landscape where the sites have all the power insert 'youhavenopowerhere. gif' . you should resign yourself to accepting pretty much any excuse they come up with, even if it wasn't a policy they had up to that point. breakdown of expected counter arguments: any legal argument. i am interested in your case law or what have you, but this is a logical argument and laws do not necessarily have inherent logic. case law will not necessarily be enough to change my mind. this includes hate crime arguments and the lot. on hate crimes as a moral argument; i see that this view has an arguable slippery slope fallacy in comparing possible hate crimes to people that are just living their lives. alex jones is a pretty bad dude, so an intentionally extreme example might be 'you can kick hitler from the discord, why can't i deny this objectively sweet and adorable little girl a life saving surgery? ' here, i think the slippery slope lies in the service, not the denied person group. if it is necessary to life, then there is no comparison. i'm not saying you should support christian doctors refusing gay patients, i'm saying you should respect the right of the bigoted owner of a mini golf place to tell suspected gay people to keep walking. situations are incomparable: a website which hosts and maintains data that you upload and something like a restaurant certainly have differences. the key similarities that i think make them comparable are that the people to be excluded are the resource that the entities are after. this argument is a bit like 'company owners have autonomy to choose whether they make money off of someone allow them food a profile , if they lose money off of someone allow them to come in keep their profile but shadowbanned with no ads , or if they refuse to lose money off of someone kick them out ban them '
however i feel like at younger ages you're still very much finding out who you are as a person and it's possible that you may regret this decision. i once read an article in the atlantic about a girl who felt uncomfortable and at a young age and eventually began to transition luckily her parents kept putting off a physical surgery and overtime the girl realized she really was a girl and not a boy in a girls body. she found gender dysphoria as a coping mechanism because she felt odd and needed something to identify with. i have also read of a person who transitioned at a young age i can't for the life of me remember the name of this person but they were a mtf by using puberty halting drugs to look more feminine but when they got older and wanted the physical surgery they were unable because their penis was too small due to never having gone through surgery. now that person is stuck with no option because they chose to rush the process. for a decision that will stay with you for the rest of your life it may be hard to wait but it's easier to stop it before it happens than it is to go back. however i feel as though it will be worse for their mental health if they have a surgery and regret it afterwards with now it no longer being a temporary problem but a permanent one.
as if our guns would help at all in that situation. no chance. they are, at all times, at least 20 years ahead of us with technology and that's just what they tell the public! probably even more advanced than that. we are helpless and enslaved to a certain degree. giving us, prisoners of the system, guns is only to encourage us to torture each other, frighten each other, and kill each other.
we see it repeated verbatim and in minor variations in response to the same triggers over and over and over. for those who think 'meme' means 'funny cat picture,' meme theory actually holds that ideas work very much like viruses, using our brains as hosts in which to replicate and spread. we can trace that spread back epidemiologically and observe mutations that have helped a meme propagate. we can also talk about common features or strategies of different memes that contribute to their spread and survival. the essence of the rr r meme is that to not apply the concept of racism equally to any and all races on either end of an act of prejudice is a double standard, i. e. hypocritical. invoking hypocrisy or double standards is almost always itself hypocritical literally, 'under reasoned' or 'under examined' . it's easy to frame almost any position as a double standard, and accusations of hypocrisy are a strong emotional hook for young people in particular. these accusations rarely say much of anything about the supposedly hypocritical position, though. they just cast doubt on those holding the position: in practice, an ad hominem attack. rr held that any policy action to counteract racism constituted 'racism against white people. ' this meme was calculated to perpetuate racism by sidetracking discussions of racism, watering down the concept, and stalling anti racist action. it can safely be characterized as racist. the r is a wrapper for the rr meme to make it more palatable to people who might reject the harder 'we should never do anything about racism' position, but rr is still in there. both rely on the 'double standard' hook to get your attention, but rather than addressing policy, rr r invokes the idea of individuals acting with racial prejudice toward whites. in addition to being more acceptable, this approach introduces the idea of a relatable however unlikely threatening scenario, engaging an even stronger emotional hook: your fight or flight instinct. while also making rr more acceptable by degrees to those who have accepted rr r. to change my view: demonstrate that rr r has some utility in reducing, opposing, or increasing our understanding of racism, rather than supporting and propagating racism even if inadvertently while muddying the waters. constructing phrases where you can substitute 'white' for 'black' will not achieve this end. repeating some pure and idealized, a contextual and a historical definition of racism is also not productive. you can quietly believe in your heart that racism is some platonic ideal because it ends in ' ism,' but the reality remains that the only relevant application the only reason the word came into use and continues to exist is to refer to the favored position of white people and the disfavored position of everyone else in post colonial societies.
well, showing up is, anyway. you can hand in a blank ballot or write some anarchist message on the paper with your pathetic little red crayon, but you're legally required to show up.
what we're doing now is essentially letting them do whatever they want and then bailing them out, when i believe that they should be given a specific, tight budget that must be followed in order to receive subsidies.
i think it's better to eat a low calorie diet with plenty of fruits, vegetables, beans and whole grains, moderate amounts of animal protein, and fats, refined carbohydrates and added sugar only sparingly. in reality they're just a result of their fat loss and they would have seen the same or better health improvements regardless of how they lost the weight. is it worse than staying overweight? that i don't really know; probably depends on how overweight you were to begin with, i would guess though that it's better to be 10 or 15 lbs. overweight and have a more conventionally healthy diet than be thin and on keto.
following this logic, should lesbians be allowed into women's bathrooms? why do we even have to ask this question? women should be let into women's bathrooms.
right now in my country, ireland, the three primary subjects teenagers learn in secondary school for six years are maths, english and irish. these are not the only subjects but they are given the most time and importance. i don t think that these are best subjects to be teaching future citizens. i don t think for instance that knowledge of english playwrights such as william shakespeare or irish poets such as se n riord in is essential to modern life in the western world. i think they re lovely cultural assets, but not essential. nor do i think that maths beyond the basics you learn in primary school is essential, or at least not as essential as the alternative subjects which i propose. i would replace these subjects with the following three: ethics and philosophy, mental health and happiness, and politics and government. i think society should have no higher goal than to create morally good citizens, happy citizens and politically engaged citizens. in that order.
depression feels terrible, but some people seem to just want to mask the symptoms and not treat the actual illness by working on themselves not willing to work exert energy the definition of lazy . there are many different types of therapies and so many different therapists. i frequently see people claiming 'therapy is useless' after only one cbt session, not knowing about all these other therapies or that therapy takes time to help. i'm obviously open to my view being changed!
certain crimes, like sexual assault, it can be difficult to find hard evidence for. and ideally we want such crimes punished. but that desire should not outweigh the principles of a proper justice system. human memory is notoriously faulty. people misremember. people lie. people exaggerate and embellish. people self deceive. people emotionally manipulate. people get indoctrinated and brainwashed. people fail to articulate their thoughts clearly. having witnesses recount what happened to them, then having the accused tell their side of the story, then asking a group of impressionable jurors, on the basis of that testimony along with the inevitable 'roast battle' character assassinations , to decide who they believe more this is fraught with peril. it's not nearly a high enough standard for meting out justice. better that than weakening the justice system or convicting the innocent. and it's not so stark anyway, in many cases. i'm actually open to changing my view. so have at it.
even though society and parents talk about choosing a good man, the woman doesn't feel really attracted to him, ends up unsatisfied and ends up with the relationship, most of the time not explaining why. obviously most men will never do with with their wives, that's why 70 of the divorces are initiated by women. they have their sexual needs to, and since sexual attraction is one of the most important things in a relationship, they can't feel satisfied when treated well. the studies and my life experience backs this up. assholes and jerks get the most sex and most sexual partners being a 'nice guy' or a 'good man' ends up being terribly harming for men's social and sexual success. on the contrary, predatory behavior aggressive, careless, selfish, narcissistic, violent is heavily rewarded. manipulative, asympathetic, arrogant bullies have higher numbers of sexual partners and have sex more often. the same as the previous study. aaaand the same again bullies have more sex and higher self esteem women really don t like nice guys unempathethic, narcissistic criminals are one of women s first sexual choices women, as a general rule, find narcissist assholes more attractive this one explains how more narcissistic husbands don't have worse or less stable or less satisfying marriages but more narcissistic wives do why do women fall for serial killers being nice and agreeable results in being hated and excluded from the collective 
i have always considered frugal life as a must, since i got my first job, early in my twenties. i always save money even if it is just a small portion of each paycheck. i used my crcards only for the purpose of getting rewards as i pay my balance each month even before a due date notice appears. limiting to go out for dinner no more than two times per month, avoiding fast food and drinking this is easy as most of my coworkers share, at least partially, this view about personal finances . i also see no major gain in traveling just to be clear. the former i consider of great value, the later i feel is most of the time meaningless . my paycheck is enough to cover rent which represents gt;40 of my paycheck and basic expenses, after that i cook my own food, ride a bike to work and keep looking for options to 'make the money work for you'. a couple of days ago i read an article in the web called 'if you have savings in your 20s, you re doing something wrong'. so i wanted to know your opinion about it. because sometimes i feel i'm saving for something but to be totally honest i don't have a clue what is it. so, you guys that have different experiences and may hold a different point of view i want to know it. if you have savings in your 20s, you re doing something wrong
gt; is god willing to prevent evil, but not able? then he is not omnipotent. gt; is he able, but not willing? then he is malevolent. gt; is he both able and willing? then whence cometh evil? gt; is he neither able nor willing? then why call him god? there are a few theodicies defenses but not a single one is logical or consistent. let's get through them one by one : free will defense: god permits evil because it is necessary for free will: 1. that does not explain natural disasters that cause human suffering which are in no way created by human action disease avalanches the donald etc. 2. omnipotent being could create a world where capacity to evil is not necessary for free will in christianity it's called heaven. alternatively there is no free will in heaven which contends what christian theologists say . the suffering we endure is justified by the heavenly reward: 1. it boils down to is it morally ok to kick a child in a face if you give him a really nice candy afterwards? evil is illusory doesn't exist: 1. for the person suffering it is, and even most of the theologians with augustine agree that this is a lousy attempt. prevention of greater evil god permits lesser evils to prevent greater ones : 1. omnipotent being can prevent all evils. 2. every kid that has cancer is predestined to do something horrible in the future. 3. free will does not exist in this defense. the solutions that we are left with are: 1. there is no god. 2. god is malevolent doesn't care. i'll be bold enough to state that this pretty much proves that god cannot love us as we understand the word 'love'. if it was in your power to prevent a kid you love from getting cancer you would do it. you'd stop rape war every single instance of suffering from affecting your loved ones. god does not. change my mind.
a very common reply from republicans towards survivors of school shootings seems to be thus: 'the child was bullied, and thus bullying caused this kid to snap. ignoring the debate about gun ownership, this seems plain wrong. many gay, trans, bisexual, and gender nonconforming people are bullied all the time in schools. upon doing a google search, i can't seem to find anything about an openly gay transgender school shooter at all. now, i'm not naive enough to state that only alt right views caused these children to do these attacks, nor am i saying that they weren't bullied as badly as lgbtq people are. they were obviously mentally ill to even consider such a thing. however, i don't really see a true link between bullying and school shooting, because if there was a link, you would expect lgbtq peoples to do it as well. cmv.
a person could be born into a religion before he can generate opinions on his own. therefore, practicing a certain religion could be all that he knows and part of his identity.
society can never be equal when some people get money that no one else has the opportunity to earn. i am fine with sentimental items being passed on, i'm just against people holding money within families away from the rest of the population. i think the money should go to the government to spend on desperately needed social programs, including support for those whose relatives have recently died.
i'm not against some required readings because they're genuinely useful. school is about learning, but students should also enjoy the process of learning. high school seniors should not be reading garfield for school. this obviously wouldn't make all students into people who are always reading, but it will help some students who are hurt by having so much required reading.
past few years there have been lot of news about companies collecting and selling user data. this has basically turned your phone into tracking tool that can make calls. there are several reasons why companies collect data but most prominent one is that they create a profile of you and sell it to advertisers. holy grail of data profile is to 'copy' persons identity to that extend that it can predict what are persons preferences even before person knows themselves. and to be clear in this context i use word advertiser in a broad way including companies, charities and even political or religious parties. anyone that want you to do or buy something. most of the ads are just informational telling you about the product but some are promotional giving you a discount on a product . these were my premises . companies offer products free or at low cost but in order to make profit they turn your behavior to ad profile. profile is sold to advertisers that inform you about their product in hope of you buying. but here is the catch. at the end of the day it is your choice to act . maybe you liked the ad maybe you didn't. all the ads do is inform that the product that you might like according to your previous behavior exist. it doesn't limit your options or force you to do anything. you can still do your own research and find competitive products and pick the one that you really want or even choose not to buy any of them. amp; x200b; you might have more information on one brand than another but thanks to ads you have more information than without them. ads saves you some time doing research and you might find products that you didn't know that existed without the personalized ads. if the profile is well done, it might offer you things that you would like but didn't know where to find. they offer you more options and according to your preferences these options are most likely ones that you might consider once you have been informed about them. amp; x200b; third benefit of personalized ads is that they offer you discount time to times. not all ads do this but some does. and if you want to have some product ad from store that you don't normally use might save you some money. we wouldn't have google search engine or facebook social media if they would require a subscription. some say that you pay for these free services with your privacy. i say you get free services and personalized ads that are both good things. i can always close my device and choose not to watch ads when i want privacy. amp; x200b; in order to chance my view you have to show how cons of personalized ads out weight their benefits.
unless we address these core inequalities and preferably not in a harrison bergeron type of way , oppression will always exist in the world.
when i look at the bible, most of the actions of jesus were very socialistic in nature. he gave free food to the poor, kicked bankers out of the churches, and cured people of diseases free of charge. he even said; 'it is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than a rich man to enter heaven. ' this seems pretty blatant and you would be hard pressed to interpret into something different. plus, the bible also recommends people give up worldly possessions in favor of god.
agitation about gendered language only occurs because people with a bigoted or intolerant attitude refuse to comply with requests to use a different term. people arguing about this issue are conflating respect with agreement and endorsement. i have a legal obligation to tolerate others, and to be polite i should go further to respect people, even if they are different than me. all this means is using the right pronouns if i m corrected. anything beyond this basic respect is completely optional because it s based in opinion, not fact. this article presents some strong but faulty claims about why we supposedly shouldn t make assumptions and instead should ask for people s pronouns. the argument fails, however, because the premises are disputable. many theories of gender exist, and even in academic disciplines and modern feminism there is no consensus on what gender is or does. if it is disrespectful to reference apparent gender, why do we have gender at all and consider it so important? briefly, the issues are: gender is a social construct, but the article claims it to be individual many people and theorists disagree with the idea that gender is individual or innate and mental the article s theory of gender is neither accurate nor descriptive of society gender is much more than a mental state or identity, as it influences a lot there is no universal agreement on how to define gender; the article s way is one of many, not the only way. gender as tied to biology, performance, appearance, and mind all have certain validity, especially when considering how gender is referred to i do not buy the idea that gender stems from or perpetuates oppression. most people like and support our ideas of gender; if you are happy under the current system, it s not oppressive to you. the few that don t support them deserve accommodation, but otherwise it s something they have to live with. ultimately, my conclusion is that i should give people basic respect, but i have no obligation to endorse theories which i disagree with. we re allowed to disagree on societal issues; it is neither bigotry nor lack of respect. that would only be if i did not grant you the respect of using your pronouns when you informed me. to say otherwise would be no different than arguing that a pro gun supporter is a murderer, or is responsible or pushing for school shootings. tl;dr: gender is really complicated. what we do now is good, but also respect what people ask you to do. there are many ideas of how to approach gender, and we are allowed to disagree on what gender is and does. cmv
there is an amitheasshole front page post that caught my attention, specifically this one for telling an overweight girl to lose some . while i do agree that op in that post was inconsiderate, there are comments that compare food addiction to drug addiction, which i do not agree. amp; x200b; personally, i am a large eater myself, but i go to gym frequently to stay fit. i have no problem with fat people that exercises, take sumo wrestler for example. they are obese, but they also train to stay fit. i do have problem with fat people that eat a lot but does not exercise to stay fit. it only becomes unhealthy if you don't put in effort to exercise. i know some people might have medical conditions that caused their obesity and their inability to exercise, but i can't help but think the majority have used this small group of people as their excuse to being lazy, similar to teenagers blaming depression when going through phases. if this is the case, then there is nothing to prevent people from criticizing them. if i tell my boss 'i know i am lazy, and i know that i did not make the deadline. if you criticize me, you are just telling me something i know and not helping the situation', i would just get fired because that is not a valid excuse. i would be the one at fault here. amp; x200b; tldr; i eat a lot, but i also exercise to stay fit.
i'm genuinely interested in a rational explanation for the problems i have with this idea as i've never gotten one, most people just shut down or get angry when i ask it. not some backwards version we can say god has. 5 million children die a year. even if we removed the number of children that died at the hands of another human, the number would still be massive. how does that sound like love? how does a child randomly getting cancer sound like love, in our context as humans? i could go on, but i feel this is a good jumping off point. thanks for posts in advance! this assumes the god is also omnipotent and omnipresent. 2: i'm making my way to every comment, i address shorter ones first to try and make it easier on myself. 3: i'm sorely disappointed in the lack of butts i have in my inbox, shame on you cmv readers. alright, sorry, enough joking and back to commenting. 4: i'm getting a good number of replies saying that i'm stubborn or aren't open to changing my view, i completely understand where this is coming from. please understand this is a complex issue and there is a lot of material i have to work through, bare with me. i'm inclined to keep asking questions so everyone understands each other better. also, and i know this may seem more controversial, if someone ends up not changing their mind in this sub reddit can we all still agree educating and having a civil discussion is still beneficial? i've see comments i think are trying to undermine my belief in this because some points made aren't adequate for me but are for someone else. thank you to everyone so far. this continues to be a productive thread, in my mind.
the only reason we have mass shootings is because of people being screwed up in the head ie: parkland girl admitting to bullying the autistic foster kid, saying he deserved it and it's the guns fault that the school got shot up. i'm all for having 'mental health checks' on current gun owners, however if we are to do what the high school kiddos are suggesting and confiscate all 'fully semi semiautomatic high capacity 30 round clipazine assault rifle 15's' then things wouldn't be pretty.
i also think the argument for african megafauna is disingenuous considering what europe as a continent has done to their wildlife and north african american wildlife but without using past crimes as a justification for new ones; if that were the case why doesn't western europe agree to bring back the european wolf and say fuck it to their farmers and people who might otherwise be inconvenienced but expect africans to? then, should it not be them having much less kids and ending the practise of importing migrants that expect similar lifestyles as the rest of the population? ps: if i made any mistake in writing this i am sorry english is not my first or second language and i am open to clarify. also i don't have the source for my title i think i read it somewhere and i am open to correction which would help in changing my view
a senate that is elected in this way thwarts the will of the people, instead we get minority rule, for instance, kavanaugh was just confirmed by senators that represent less than half of the us population. furthermore, i do think there is anything special about states to warrant allocating power in this way. the size and number of states is not based on some holy formula but is largely a product of historical accident.
and of course, this is a bad thing. a person thinking this way is displaying tremendous ignorance, or they lack common sense. soda isn't necessary. it has no nutritional value. sugared soda actually has negative nutritional value. it's the perfect example of empty calories. if poor people now cannot afford soda, this is a good thing! they are risking their health, which will create medical issues, which will make maintaining a steady work and life style harder. this isn't like going to a movie or something, where one is experiencing entertainment. this is physically making your body worse off than it was before. my view can be changed by demonstrating that this line of thinking is based in common sense, or is based in intelligence, or comes from a knowledgeable line of thinking.
enemy picked the chinese infantry specialist? counter him with the gla toxin general. counter the nuclear chinese general with the anti missile lasers of the usa laser general. my point being that none of the other c amp;c games that i know off provide that same unique approach in specializations, instead they simply use the two or three factions that each have their own units and stop there.
i ve been researching this topic for many months and as inclined as some scientists think they are in answering this question, no one has the slightest clue. one of the key factors for me is nde s which has not been able to receive a scientific explanation yet even there there s been countless studies on it. please not that i m not a believer of scientists being able to explain everything but i m also not a religious believer just yet. i m trying too come up with a conclusion on my own terms based on what i learn throughout my life and refuse to be one sided on views that might arise. i here all to often that evidence proves or has most likely proven that when people die its lights out and that s it. i find that extremely hard to believe after all the studies done on after life and and neoroscientists findings. another question that i ve recently asked myself is bible versus state that after death families will be reunited more or less sorry i haven t actually read the entirty of the bible and upon examination of nde s a large number of people who were in a study recall seeing loved ones even if they were deceased, as clear as day. there have been many other instances where people have seen family members they had no idea had passed or even members they ve never met. i don t ask for an answer but would love to hear logical opinions to these ideas and possibly change my view! thanks to all in advance.
this idea was inspired by this post technically true but extremely misleading e5d6ell which states that technically, cancer rates are increasing because people are living long enough to be inevitably subdued by cancer rather than other diseases or violence accidents etc. i've heard that on average, 1 3 of the money people spend on healthcare gets spent in the last 3 years of their life i think this is in the u. s. in an age where the cost of healthcare is as high as it is, i think we should take some of the money that gets spent on reactive, last ditch efforts to sustain a failing body at the very end of someone's life and focus it on preventative efforts in the younger population. i think part of making that a reality would be to change our idea of death as antithetical to life, and instead see death as a natural part of living. the second law of thermodynamics basically guarantees that our bodies will degrade over time, the information stored in our dna will become corrupted. disclaimer: i am not old.
personally, i want to allow as many good people into our country as we possibly can. and i want it to be as easy as possible for them to get in. we can't handle the numbers, and we have millions of decent people living her illegally. and nobody in our government is moving to fix it. democrats and republicans will only work on this problem when the political pressure becomes intense enough. so with all that said, i hope the problem gets worse. i want to see trump fight back against it, upsetting mexico and his political enemies. i don't want people to get hurt, but i want something to happen that is bad enough for republicans and democrats to both say, 'enough is enough,' and fix the laws so that people all over the world don't feel the need to have to sneak in and create an illicit life for themselves here. i don't see how anything less than catastrophe will fix this.
so i think its pretty obvious which post made motivated to do this. the persecution of gays in the middle east, for example. dont get me wrong, ive got nothing against homosexuality but itd be so much more convenient if we were able to eradicate it. also im not suggesting that gays should be forced to accept the pill. if you want to live a life that is not full of stigmatism, thats completely on you.
arguments for the belief in a god or gods fascinate me, but none have ever really made me question my agnosticism as much as pascal's wager. amp; x200b; what immediately occured to me, however, is that the wager assumes that there are only two possibilities: the christian god exists, or he doesn't, describing it at one point as a 'con flip'. in fact, one could even suppose that there an infinite number of such possible gods. amp; x200b; i think logical proof should be answered with logical proof, so i drafted a quick counter argument. i am by no means a logican or a philosopher, so i fully expect there to be holes in my argument, and i would welcome criticism of it so that i can either improve it or discard it. i think arguments 10 and 11 are where this argument is weakest, and i d love to hear suggestions for how to prove the probabilistic application of averages. amp; x200b; 1. god is, or god is not. reason cannot decide between the two alternatives. 2. 3. choosing the correct god provides infinite benefit. 4. 5. it logically follows from 3 that the set of all possible values for the number of gods is the set of all natural numbers. 6. since the set increments at a linear rate, the median of the set is equal to the average. 7. the position of the median in a set can determined by dividing the size of the set by two. 8. any infinite number divided by a finite number is infinite. the limit of f x x 2 as x approaches infinity is infinity 9. it could be said then, that the average value of this set is infinity. 10. in a universe where it could be proved that there were between one and three gods, it would be most logical to make probabilistic decisions assuming there are two gods, just as it is most logical to make decisions about dice considering the average result of that die. 11. thus, it makes most sense to make probabilistic decisions assuming that there are an infinite number of possible gods. 12. if there are an infinite number of possible gods, the chance of choosing the right one approaches 0, just as the rewards from picking the correct one approach infinity. 13. if one has an infinitesimally small chance at an infinitely big reward, one can say that the expected value of the choice is undefined and that the reward is thus irrelevant. amp; x200b; i'm pretty sure this makes sense, but if you disagree, then please, cmv.
i noticed that cheating has been normalized especially with people of color poc in the media and in real life. it's sexist if you ask me. let me first define cheating. cheating is telling your partner you won't be having a sexual or romantic relationship outside your relationship, but still doing it. it's not considered cheating to me if it's an open relationship or you were forced with violence and whatnot. also, when talking of relationships, i mean mutual relationships that have or had love in them. i don't want to hear of forced marriages, abusive relationships, or bad arranged marriages cause those have a very different dynamic from what i'm thinking about. if the passion has died in your relationship, it is better to break off the relationship. i don't mean divorce though cause i know that involves money and can be messy, but people can acknowledge the death of a relationship and separate at least. to me, if you cheat that means you don't love your so. if you really love your so and understand the pain it would cause them, you wouldn't consider cheating. if your so is having problems sexually and you cheat, that's basically showing that sexual satisfaction was more important than the emotional bond you shared. there's also many ways to attempt to resolve this issue. and if it's that big of a deal and unsolvable, you can move on to an open relationship or seperate break up. people who take back those who cheat come off as extremely desperate for the financial benefits in the relationship and or the emotional support they felt in the relationship. i feel when people take back people who cheat, it's because they don't feel they'll ever find anyone to replace what they had which can be a valid point, but still sad desperate . imo i feel it's a better bet to live the rest of your life without a cheater than with someone who will disrespect your emotions like that. i feel this all makes perfect sense, but it's like the older i get the more people are acting like i'm living in fantasy land. beautiful independent women are taking back horrible men after cheating with multiple women. great men are taking back women who cheat too. what's going on?
it may be argued that seniors have less disposable income, but there are plenty of non seniors who are struggling and plenty of seniors who are very well off. i would also separate this from veterans discounts, etc. as veterans did something to benefit our country and deserve a little 'thank you' but i don't see why we owe a discount to the elderly. i understand from my research that business owners find that much of this cohort will not patronize their establishment at all under the standard price, thus the benefit of it to the business owner. i'm not sure if this is totally true, but let's go off that. even so, this practice is unfair to a other patrons who might be struggling financially of any age, and 2 commissioned salespeople tipped waitstaff etc. who see dings in their income due to large amounts of people getting a big percentage off their total due to their senior status.
why take pride in something that took no effort to achieve? you didn't work to be born a certain race. being born a certain race isn't a hard thing to do. you shouldn't feel a connection to someone based solely on their race because if that's all it takes then you are honestly a simple minded person. you didn't accomplish anything being born a certain race. and the accomplishments of other people who happen to be the same race as you have nothing and i mean nothing to do with you. and no, don't ask what my race is, that doesn't matter.
when we see a happy person, we share a part of their joy. this is caused by the process of empathy, for which the anterior insular cortex is responsible. that is a region of the brain near the amygdala. seeing fellow humans happy caused them to be happy, therefore they began to be moral. initially, they carved flowers in cave walls, later they wrote proposals and tractates on parchments, and eventually philosophers such as aristotle formed the organized system of ethics. they have been taught this by their parents, learned that in school, came to that conclusion by talking with their peers etc they prevail everywhere around the world, and change is difficult and slow. aside from machiavelli, whose views only roughly correspond with modern day machiavellianism, ayn rand was one of the first philosophers who suggested egocentrism. that was only around 70 years ago. also, humans still take joy in the happiness of other humans. they are fond of the delight of their friends, lovers, parents etc they are motivated to make self sacrifices for the sake of other people. there's nothing wrong with 'second hand happiness'. if you love your wife and buy her flowers, she'll be happy. assuming you have an unimpaired amygdala, you will also be happy for her. that's how the brain works. i feel that what i'm about to say now might be superfluous, but i also anticipate that people will bring it up if i don't cover it immediately. wish your co worker good day, and he might volunteer to handle some of your assignments. however, sometimes initial rewards are more valuable than relationship enhancement. say your neighbor is looking for a thousand dollar bill and he can't find it. you find it and pocket it swiftly without him noticing. now, if you gave it to him, he'd most likely be grateful. he might cut your grass, invite you for lunch; but if you take the 1000 you will be rewarded by something far better, money. a moral person would return the money. an egocentric person would keep it. additionally, i would like to point out that in most cases, and this one, those who do something are the ones who have a higher duty to explain it. we shouldn't be ethical 'just because' or due to it being 'good'. amp; x200b;
i know this may seem counterintuitive, but hear me out. they'll say they don't understand humor, are policing language, etc. comedians will also talk about how trump is a goldmine for material because of some daily white house shenanigans. if anything it's forced comedians to be more creative and distance themselves from a lot of hacky material. if you go back 20 years and watch stand up there is a lot of cringe worthy material about gays and race. also, comedians that are true savages have not given a single fuck about the politically correct critics. just look at sarah silverman, doug stanhope, or joey diaz. when he first got into office, more professional comedians noticed what was going on and avoided doing trump material. two years in and now everybody is doing the same trite trump material. the biggest disappointment was john mulaney's kid gorgeous, where he ends with a trump bit. it was five minutes of different iterations of trump being incompetent. it's not even that i'm taking the position of 'comedy is my escape from politics'. it's that the trump bits are so fucking uncreative.
amp; x200b; i am always really disappointed when i get into an interesting discussion with someone and it becomes a discussion about why my views are wrong and i'm ignorant or whatever rather than a dissection of the facts an example would be when i was discussing the burqa with someone i think it is an incredibly oppressive garment that i disagree with probably more than anything else this isn't the case at all amp; x200b; i watch a lot of jordan peterson videos, and while i don't agree with him on a lot of things i do see how often interviewers won't actually listen to what he is saying, and just hear key words that they link to things such as sexism, racism etc emotion isn't helpful when trying to really get to the truth in an argument
i'm not a paedophile i don't want to go on some kind of list lol , but hear me out. viewing fictional pp is a victimless crime, and i believe that they have no place in a civil society, as they impose moral standards on people just for the sake of it. 2. if it's illegal and i'm a paedophile, what difference does it make for me to go watch the 'real thing' or a cartoon, if i'm already breaking the law? imho it's a safe outlet for them to satisfy their deviance and also not harm anyone it could be said that making it illegal is a sort of deterrence, as it is seen as a 'gateway' to real pp or even harming children, but i don't agree, i see it as a similar case as weed being a gateway drug to more heavy and deadly drugs, wich was proven to be false as far as i know. change my view reddit.
school education traditionally relies upon rote learning, rote memory, and rote tasking. this means 'retaining' large amounts of factual information without needing to understand it. a school pupil student can tell you that milk and calcium helps our bones to grow strong, but that is about as far as their understanding goes. they generally won't have a deep profound understanding of nutrition, nor would they get critical with what they are supposedly learning. to say that it does has always been a big fat lie pushed by academics in the west. as a grown adult, i certainly know the difference between learning abstractly and learning by rote. the difference to me is a fundamental one. abstract learning demands constant critical thought, the application of logic to an idea, such as that you must always make sure that you have carefully removed the errors from your work. 'logic' is about being as 'consistent' as possible with your thoughts, ideas and theories. this is hard, time consuming mental work and that's how you know when you're challenging your brain. and how dare psychologists reduce intelligence to basic memory skills just because it fits nicely with their agenda of academic supremacy. it is offensive to the human species! humans, at least the intelligent and creative ones, are much more capable than what psychologists give us crfor! yuck! also, 'success' is naturally a subjective matter because we don't all strive to accomplish the exact same things. academic success, as we know it, is morbid to many people. suicide in young people between 15 and 24 is on the rise! nobody should be telling anybody else what they should or should not be accomplishing! if anyone here can construct a well reasoned argument, i'll definitely be waiting, thank you
to be clear, i am saying that there are cultures out there that are either unnecessary, or should have parts or the whole of them removed. i know there are benefits in many cases but a benefit does not make something virtuous.
it s not taken as seriously, and divorce is more common than 50 years ago. i feel like it has lost its meaning. i don t feel like people do this for the right reasons. someone could go to the lawyer and get an agreement that gives you the same benefits in terms of division of property. so that s not really a benefit to marriage. in terms of tax benefits, you can get these benefits just by living with someone for 1 3 years. change my view. i ve been with my so for 9 years and we have no
i will admit i am an unabashed incredible hulk fan. hulk has been nerfed by kevin feige and marvel to make a more interesting series of movies, i am ok with this and understand. but they have him inconsistent from movie to movie. i am not even talking about how ridiculously over powered hulk is in his comics. i am just basing this on his movies. hulk basically could 1 vs the entire chitari army. they weren't going to stop him. but 1v1 thanos could not beat the hulk without a stone. anyways, lets say thanos does beat hulk in that first scene. hulk would have absolutely wrecked cull obsidian. spiderman casually stopped a killing strike in the fight against cull obsidian before it could hit iron man and even made a joke. cull obsidian lost to hulk buster armor with no re reinforcements. if hulk beats the crap out of obsidian this leaves strange, iron man, wong, and spiderman to take out ebony maw. this then changes the entire movie.
i will freely admit to being a liberal in favor of gun control. but my fianc is a single issue voter about gun rights. gun rights outrank every other issue to him and his friends, and i'd like to understand where they come from before we marry. they cite the revolutionary war as an example. in my view, a modern armed population will never be able to win against the current us military. civilians don't have apache helicopters. almost everyone i know can't run 5 miles straight. at best, it'd be years of bloody civil war like syria's and they still wouldn't win. as the years go by, military technology will only continue to outpace the tech available to civilians and this rationale will become more and more far fetched. the whole argument seems like a theoretical exercise that shouldn't be the foremost political issue to anyone. i hope to understand opposing viewpoints.
this is crucial to keep growing a stronger economy and helps goods become cheaper than they would be under a socialist government. my problems with socialism and i'll touch upon why i disagree with bernie sanders' 'democratic socialism after are that the government wishes to control all industries and social services. this is rather worrisome to me because if the government is in charge of things like healthcare, tuition, and means of production, i don't think people will have the incentives to work as hard as they would in a competitive society. i also feel like coal would lose its use if the usa became socialist to preserve the environment. i personally like the use of coal, but that is another topic to discuss. now, to the closest socialism that we could've experienced around this time was if bernie sanders' had won the election and implemented his democratic socialism. i will take out the most relevant parts though in case you do not wish to read it. the meaning of democratic socialism: gt;democratic socialists believe that both the economy and society should be run democratically to meet public needs, not to make profits for a few. so the way they intend to reach this goal is by: gt;today, corporate executives who answer only to themselves and a few wealthy stockholders make basic economic decisions affecting millions of people. resources are used to make money for capitalists rather than to meet human needs. we believe that the workers and consumers who are affected by economic institutions should own and control them. the only way i can see this working is through hard government control, which is why i call it a contradiction. before, any relevant company pushing towards the knowledge of space and space travel was nasa and nasa only, but with the recent surge that spacex is coming out with, i am sure that nasa will start kicking things up a notch. i believe science is very important in moving our society and economy. besides countries like denmark, finland, and sweden, socialism has failed most of the times it is attempted to be implemented. i also have to disagree with the people who say that socialism is possible because countries like the ones listed above do it. i disagree with this because it is hard to compare a country like those to the usa because of factors like population, which i feel is the most important because it is easier to share wealth among less people. i also do not wish to pay higher taxes for government subsidy programs.
but i believe that it is just what they are. since japan doesn't award citizenship by right of birthplace, i can understand that korean families stranded in japan since wwii want their children to receive an education taught in korean language. but they should then just enlist them to south korean schools, not those of a terrorist regime that regularly threatens to destroy japan apparently not caring about killing their expatriates along with it . i can understand the desire of these koreans to be proud of their nationality, especially since japanese society tends to consider them as foreigners despite living there for generations; but they should then just decide to become south koreans. after all, they never lived in north korea since the country was still unified when they went to live in japan, they just arbitrarily decided to join the north korean association rather than the south korean one. despite all the discriminations that north koreans may face in japan, it will still always be better than what awaits them in their 'homeland': labor camp for being 'contaminated' by capitalism. could you imagine if during wwii era, children living in the us were taught to hate america by nazi schools ? this is exactly the same.
let me start off by saying that i am very socially liberal and i disagree with generally everything about the trump administration. i find it a bit hypocritical, especially since the left has been very condemning about business being open and inclusive, and now we re celebrating this kind of behavior. this is just causing our current climate to be more polarized. looking for open discussion about this.
nobody except god himself has the right to cast judgement upon anyone else. if a person outwardly, or even internally, judges gay people for their lifestyle, they re behaving in a way that god doesn t approve of, just as much as the people they re judging.
if a woman gets pregnant, and then decides, for whatever reason, that she does not want the child, then she can have an abortion, and completely dissolve any potential responsibility, be it financial or moral, that she may have owed to the child. the decision to keep the child, and all the needs that come along with it, is solely the mothers. but, look at the same scenario from the mans point of view. he has no say he can try and work it out with the woman, but has no real say in the end , and if the woman decides to keep the child, he has no choice but to accept. the responsibility of a child is literally forced on the man, and while he could be a deadbeat dad, he still has to pay child support, for a child that he did not consent to have. to a certain extent, society will always look down on him for being a shitty dad.
these characters consists of humans, animals, robots, extraterrestrial creatures, supernatural figures, and most recently a plant. however it is important to note that the game does not only consist of male characters. female, such as zelda, peach, and kirby sometimes and non binary, such as r. o. b. and mewtwo, characters are also represented. bros. is an abbreviation of brother, and according to the cambridge dictionary, a brother is 1 . a male who has the same parents as another person, 2 . a member of the same race, church, religious group, or organization, 3 . used by a man to address another man. because the games feature multiple female and non binary characters, wouldn't it make sense for the game to be titled super smash bros. , sisters, and genderqueers?
well, showing up is, anyway. you can hand in a blank ballot or write some anarchist message on the paper with your pathetic little red crayon, but you're legally required to show up.
a vast amount of items in the bible are scientifically impossible, yet people spend their lives studying it, and preaching it. the argument against both is simple: science is fact. one could even argue that religion is has been far more dangerous to humanity than global warming, with millions throughout history being killed in the name of religion. this is a fact, whereas climate change predictions affecting human lives are exactly that: predictions. predictions have the potential to be wrong, whereas proven scientific facts are not. example: al gore predicting in 2006 that within ten years, there would be no more snows glaciers on kilimanjaro. twelve years later, the glaciers and snows are still there. alternate example: the bible claims jesus rose from the dead, moses parted the sea, etc. science has proven that this is not possible, therefore confirmed false. change my view.
whenever i want to watch a football game, i watch it for the skill of the players. there's nothing on the field that can impact the game other than players' skill. nothing like a random 20 amp; 37; of a shot being twice as fast. that 20 amp; 37; chance can turn a fight on its head, or in some cases the whole game. why should someone win against a team of superior skill not through working under pressure, but by just getting lucky?
i read so much about traveling. i have traveled quiet a bit to know that it is an over rated experience. it is the same as watching an nfl cricket game, it is entertainment but nothing more. btw i have been mating from past five years. i feel that joy can be attained not traveling. traveling is over rated. you only need the bare necessities, so why waste money on it? r changemyview my view is that traveling is fun but it is over rated. it is only entertainment and not a profound experience.
words, as always, change in meaning over time, they morph and adapt as people choose to use them. this facet of language is often abused in discussions. this is a reason why it's helpful to banish ambiguous words so that they're forced to be swapped by the full intention behind them instead of the words themselves. however, i'm not of the opinion that we should rely on the dictionary as the tool closing the deal for what the definitions are. i don't have anything against ambiguity and fluidity of meanings however my point is that when two persons want to convey meaning to one another they have to be on the same ground. so here's my point: there's a surging trend these days of calling yourself a believer in god but not being able to qualify it and not accepting any attribute that others want to associate with it. the only attributes those people claim are not really valid in my opinion. for example: god is the starting point of the universe though not agreeing on if he has a mind or not, or any of its will, or any criteria for that matter god is the universe itself same as above, this doesn't tell us anything about it a sort of pantheism but that isn't with a mind or will. from my view i think this is highly confusing. i would call this atheism but those persons would still refer to themselves as theists or deists because they've chosen to keep using the word god. in some cases those persons even adhere to a religion or at least follow a certain set of ways of living, a system of values related to it. maybe this is vague and those persons just don't want to offend anyone. this seems like a weak position to me. is it still a guide of life? there used to be a time when we fought over the exact attributes that the gods of certain religions possessed, and before that deities were more anchored in reality even taking human forms as kings. is this a move from the personal religion to a new kind of religious transition? making peace between faith and rationality? deities being more vague than ever? however i'm open to changing my view if anyone is able to relate to situation in my post.
i've heard many times that people should forgive those who wrong them in order to move on and be at peace. that doesn't seem right or useful to me. in such situations the wronged party essentially excuses their offender's behavior even when it doesn't necessarily deserve to be, and perpetuates that behavior. a good example might be a case where a person is raped is decides to forgive their attacker instead of seeking justice; the rapist is free to continue their attacks with their actions uncontested and without remorse. i'm no psychologist but it further seems like doing so may risk the victim's feeling of self worth deteriorating.
pay gap. abortion. even whether women should wear hijabs. women realize how insane that would be and thus they don't do it. i honestly do not understand how none of the men in that room realize how fucked up that is. cmv.
i am a muslim man that thinks that everyone is free to wear whatever he she wants just to make that clear so i am not saying that anybody must wear hijab. here is a video that shows a social experiment of the same woman wearing different cloth on the same streets of nyc : i want people that view hijab as some sort of backward way of dress to tell me why do you think like that ? and if possible change my view. excuse my english.
amp; x200b;
let me explain what i mean by this. i recently came across an ad for the democratic party in which people in regular clothes held up cardboard placards with the group or cause they were advocating for written on them. women s rights , racial equality , etc. what i found particularly eyecatching was a young man who said, i support the lgbtqa community , or the like. at that statement, i cringed. before i say anything else, i want to mention that i am by no means homophobic i have friends who are gay, how could i possibly be homophobic? i support equality for all, and find it ridiculous that in 2018 we still come to an agreement as a nation what consists a marriage, and what is equality. that said, i believe there is absolutely no need to add the two three new categories to the already wordy phrase, as if trying to say that people who fall under those categories were not already represented with lgbt, and especially q: intersex, asexual, and allies who are heterosexual . i have voiced my concerns in the past about how the term feminist may possibly have an adverse effect because those who are already colored to believe that presently the two sexes are equal enough already are going to reject the term, believing the term to mean what it does not: advocacy for the supremacy of the female gender, above the male. i have since recinded that argument, partly because i believe now that to force society to change certain aspects of revolutionary concepts need to be superlatively termed to give them the attention they need, and partly because i am a man and it s really really difficult to say the above to a well concerning woman. in the case of lgbtqia , i ask again what is gained by the addition of three extra categories? lesbian, gay, and transgender are self explanatory. bisexual i had trouble in the past because as a heterosexual man i could not comprehend why those who are both homo and heterosexual would want a whole different category to describe them in advocacy, but i ve come around to accept the notion that they are different from lgt. i did not exactly know what queer meant until a few years ago when that term was added into the already existing lgbt , and the way it was explained to me was they represent all of those sexual minorities who are neither heterosexual or transgender, a sort of umbrella term to make sure that nobody is left unrepresented. what would the addition of those who are asexual or intersexed, and hetero but supporting address exactly? let me say, in my opinion, what the addition does . it creates further confusion for those who are on the fence about the issues of gender and sex. it makes the group less appealing to stand for if you were already against the movement wait, you re telling me they added another category of people?
laws, regulations, subsidies, and so on affect the exchange of private property. politicians therefore are a service that can help private actors in gaining profit. this service can be bought in many forms: bribes, lobbying, donations, vote buying, manipulation of media to convince voters, and others that might've slipped my mind. unfortunately i don't know what would convince me, but because this cmv is theoretical, i will accept theoretical arguments.
what puts the value of one animal's life above another when cruelty free options are readily available? there is no need to exploit sentient beings capable of feeling pain while non sentient beings plants, fruits, etc. can be used. i myself have not eaten meat in 6 years, and animal rights is the main reason why i continue this lifestyle.
my first point is that the constitution says life,liberty and the pursuit of happiness is guaranteed. if a tree is considered a living thing then why do abortion supporters say a fetus is not alive ? roe v. wade was a decision made from bad judgement by the court which completely ignored the constitution. abortion is premated murder. the courts should recognize this. some abortion advocates say that banning abortion would lead to people doing back alley abortions. so what ? they are putting themselves at risk to commit this horrible act. just because criminals do not like the law does not mean we should accommodate for them. it is like saying murder should be legalized because people will kill. another argument that pro abortion advocates say is that cost will increase. the solution is to get rid of socialist policies. then only the parents will be responsible for the cost of the child. some argue the government should pay for birth control. i think this is silly. the best form of birth control is abstinence. the government should not pay for people because they lack self control or only think about the immediate consequences. tax payer money should never fund birth control. birth control is unnecessary when one practices abstinence. if they want birth control they should pay for it.
you've probably heard of the new 'deepfake' technique for swapping faces in video or images by now, and the fact that it is often used to creating fake porn of celebrities etc. but i don't really think so. i think it is perfectly fine to make and even publicly post such media. i guess the reasons why i think so can be summed into three main points: 1. it's not real. it's fiction. it doesn't represent an actual event. there isn't really any meaningful difference between this and a bad photoshop, or a caricature drawing, or even fanfiction text. it just looks more real, but why does that really matter? no matter how real it looks, it isn't . it may look uncomfortable to some people to see what looks like themselves in vulgar scenes, but just because something is uncomfortable to look at to some, does not mean it is inherently immoral. 2. you don't own the image of your face. every day you willingly give it away by walking in public or posting selfies of yourself online. this is especially true for celebrities. it's almost their job to make their appearance as widely known as possible. and even if you don't, you're not entitled to 'own' illustrations of yourself like a copyrighted piece of art anyway, at least not by default. it's human nature for people to remember how other people look and picture them in their heads, even in thoughts such as sexual fantasies. and if that's okay then i don't understand why it's not okay to just copy these thoughts into a tangible format such as an illustration. 3. technology is ever improving, and faked imagery is only going to get more realistic and easy to produce. i'm sure last century there were people equally offended by faked porn that would to our eyes look ridiculously bad and unrealistic. fakes are here to stay, and we need to adapt our sense of morality to reflect this reality. i believe this will happen and such images will get normalized sooner or later either way, but i think it would be in everyone's interest to just get it over with and make it sooner rather than later.
just think of this. you go to a regular high school, however all your core classes junior year on math, english, science, foreign language and history crs along with elective classes are dual cr. anything above algebra 2. two science classes, an english class and a spanish class. but that's not really the case. hell, my 11th grade honors biology was harder than bio 101.
i feel like people have no right to judge them, and as a passer by i feel it is my responsibility to donate my time, food and any material object that i can to these people. i imagine it is so easy to loose yourself in the system, in the world. loosing your job can quickly spiral into becoming homeless. the feeling of being alone and worthless with no bright future in sight could easily make people turn to an addiction of any kind, a burning desire to feel something other than lonely. i often hope my actions may help restore there faith in humanity. these people are treated like the scum of society, but they are just lost, they have fallen into a series of unfortunate events and i feel everyone can relate to that on some level. some argue that these people have brought it all on themselves, which is often the case, i won t deny. but does that mean we just toss them aside? in my eyes these vulnerable people can be saved, but only if the world is willing to give them the support they need to become strong again.
' i have never heard a woman after a miscarriage say that 'it was just a clump of cells, no worries here is a woman who had a miscarriage, note how she talks about her 'fetus': 'on christmas i was cramping and spotting a little i was worried it was a miscarriage as i have had one befor . the doctor did a pelvic exam said it look all good then they sent me for an ultrasound and there my baby was kicking and moving and had a very healthy heartbea . i was shocked i thought for sure this baby had passe
the more people comment on a post, the longer it stays on the front page. i think this is preferable to the upvote downvote system because that means the most contentious and engaged topics are what is seen. too many interesting posts on reddit go unnoticed due to rigorous downvoting. sometimes a publication like national review can put out a very interesting article but it will never be seen on r politics due to the left slant of most of its user base and the barrage of downvotes such a post would receive. if such a post were instead ranked based on interaction rather than voting, i think you d see a more diverse range of topics. i don t want to single out r politics but it s the easiest sub that comes to mind. it d be nice if the material that is visible was ranked on how much discussion it creates rather than how much it pleases the crowd. this way a few downvotes early on cannot bury a post, the only thing that can do that is being so uninteresting that nobody bothers to comment on it.
obviously this is not counting presidential decrees or other direct actions by the president himself.
this comes from the recent outcry against the white woman who, while singing along with kendrick lamar on stage at one of his concerts, said nigga multiple times as it was part of the song lyrics. why must we, as equal humans living in a modern progressive world, continue to use a word whose origins are rich in slavery, oppression, and discrimination? instead of being used by whites to oppress blacks, it has a newfound power by blacks, as whites are heavily criticized when they use it. this has not solved the issue that it originally created, this instead has caused a societal shift that has simply changed the hands of the people in power of it. the argument that it has a different, discriminatory meaning when said by non blacks is outrageous. i ll continue my argument with a quote: people respond in accordance to how you relate to them. if you approach them on the basis of violence, that s how they ll react. but if you say we want peace, we want stability, we can then do a lot of things that will contribute towards the progress of our society. nelson mandela turning the anger against whites juxtaposes the seemingly impossible task of creating peace and cooperation. in the case of the kendrick lamar concert, the white woman on stage, the fellow singers in the crowd, and lamar himself were all equally at fault for saying nigga . similarly, it is not compromise when one side loses all power and the other side gains it all, as in the case of the word now only being acceptable when said by blacks, and this lack of stability will not contribute to the progress of our society, that mandela, and the rest of us, desire. this argument is, however, not countering its usage in historical contexts, as in the case of older documents or books such as to kill a mockingbird. in these special cases, we cannot ignore history in its pure form, and we use these cases as fuel for the progressive fire that will bring us to peace.
this is something that has been bugging me for years, someone please help me understand it. apparently my understanding of it is wrong? am i a brainlet? one of these doors contains the prize a car , and the other two doors both contain a goat. once the contestant chooses any one of the three doors, one of the two 'goat doors' is opened, revealing said goat. which means that there is one door with a car behind it, and one door with a goat behind it. stay with me here no matter what you pick, one goat will always be revealed. pick car door one goat door is revealed, leaving the car door and one goat door pick goat door 1 goat door 2 is revealed, leaving the car door and goat door 1 pick goat door 2 goat door 1 is revealed, leaving the car door and goat door 2 because one goat will always be taken out of the equation, you can operate on the assumption that there are only two doors to choose from in the beginning. one door with a car behind it, and another with a goat. the chances of choosing the correct door are therefore 50 50. cmv.
by forcing a password to be over 8 characters, they are eliminating all possible passwords that are less than 8 characters. by forcing a password to contain numbers and or special characters, they are eliminating all possible passwords that do not contain numbers and or special characters. most people use patterns when adding numbers and special characters to accounts. they replace certain letters with numbers sp chars, or they add the numbers sp chars to the end. when passwords are forced to be more complicated, or when websites force users to change their passwords often, the odds of users forgetting passwords will increase. as someone who has worked in it, i can say that the easiest way to guess a user's password is to read the stickynote stuck to the computer. people write down passwords when they can't remember them. it makes it very easy to gain access to their account; even easier than if they had a very common password such as 'letmein'. when users forget passwords often, websites employ methods such as attaching email addresses, phone numbers, social media accounts, and recovery questions to the account. this reduces overall security, because if any of those things i just mentioned are hacked, then a 'hacker' can easily gain access to the user's account without having to guess their password. for example, if i can see that their account recovery question is 'what was my mother's maiden name? ' , then that is almost certainly easier to guess than it would be to guess their password. the overall security is reduced. instead of forcing password restrictions, users should have the freedom to choose a password as 'strong' or as 'weak' as they wish. inform the users when they are making their account how strong their passwords are, and give recommendations. but at the end of the day, let the user choose whatever password they wish at their own discretion. cmv!
humans, along with most animals, will always fit themselves into a hierarchical system. we're hard wired to do that from an evolutionary standpoint. so even under anarchy, a hierarchy will naturally form given time. unless, of course, you form your own group to make sure no one forms a hierarchy but then you'd just have a proto government. we were there before and we said 'fuck this. ' so hard that we as a species invented everything you see today to escape it. no. no. never. no. why did i do that? that was so stupid. ' that should really say something about the validity of anarchy. we have come way too far to turn back now. anarchy sounds like fun until you live in it. i think anarchists want something like anarchy, but can't quite put their finger on it yet.
i personally draw the line at wherever the baby is conscious, which admittedly i do not know exactly when it happens, but that does not change the nature of my argument since it happens far before birth. the baby's rights are more important as the baby is the one being killed for 99 of the time their parents' failure to be responsible. i think this is a foolish argument as once again it's not a matter of just doing what you want with your own body. the third one of my arguments is: people claim it's a right to determine for oneself whether they reproduce. it is someone's right to determine whether or not they reproduce. however that decision is made when they choose to have sex. the risk that was taken can backfire, and given that the sex is consensual, the risk of impregnation is their responsibility. if that risk does indeed backfire, they can not claim a way to get out of it, costing another person their life, and act like it's their 'right' as a person who does not have to forcedly reproduce. now i know that some people are really passionate about this topic, and i want everyone to understand that, i am not trying to offend you.
democrats overall received a little over 1 million votes. ted cruz, running basically unopposed and barely if at all running a primary campaign, pulled in 1. 3 million votes. unseating ted cruz is a popular idea on the left, especially on reddit. the idea of a purple or blue texas which means the heavily republican state becoming more of a toss up if not generally democratic is a common theme, citing apparent demographic trends. ted cruz has low favorability ratings. despite all this, republicans have a fairly steady vote share even as republicans improve. i don't see a path for victory for beto, and this has been a controversial viewpoint for reasons i can't grasp. why am i wrong? ted cruz got a million more votes than his opponent in 2012 with obama on the ballot, cornyn a million more than his challenger in an even better democratic environment in 2008. donald trump underperformed, but that was standard across the country and he still won texas by about 800k votes. even if the demographics are changing the voter situation in texas, it's not changing by a 500k swing away from ted cruz, and if donald trump is the basement for vote total, that's still a 6 8 point win for cruz. why is my assessment of the race wrong? why will texas be seriously competitive?
the reason is the milk just destroys what is holy about it. it no longer has the correct hardness to moistness ratio. it offsets it by making it too moist. i want something firm on the outside and moist on the inside. when i see someone take a warm gooey cookie and dip it in milk, i just want to take they're cookie and throw it away. it's as simple as that. not to mention the milk then gets crumbs in it. i don't want crumby milk. at this point you're ruining two good things on this green earth. so that's how i feel. change my view.
currently the only reason i can think of to make a bed is to make it look pretty, which, if you don t care about aesthetics, is meaningless. otherwise, a making your bed only has cons. it is more difficult to get into, meaning you are putting extra effort into making your life more difficult. yes, it can help with self discipline, but that is related to an entirely different issue than just making your bed.
i see two lines that can be consistently drawn for assigning the legal status of being aliv . conception and birt . pretty much everything in between becomes a situational moving target, and any law written drawing a line in the sand would be fairly arbitrar . due to the natural fragility of pregnancy, it is not practical to assign rights before a certain point of developmen . i think it is generally agreed that after birth killing a baby is certainly murde . so in the middle we have this gray are . when the topic of abortion comes up, many people already use words which indicate they on some level recognize the fetus zygote as a lif my world view is largely based on principles of non aggression and self ownershi . so how do i think it is acceptable for someone to unilaterally end what i just described as a lif i think no life has a right to harm any other life unless in defens . in the case of pregnancy, the zygote fetus living being does not have a right to harm a woma . i will qualify taking resources, dramatically changing her body etc as har . therefore an abortion falls into my definition of self defens so there it i
i understand the idea suggested in this post related greatly to eugenics. however wouldn't it be considered inhumane to allow people with detrimental disorders to have children that have a high possibility of carrying these torturous diseases? combined with the fact that these individuals often are unable to be self sustained and often depend on caretakers or government institutions for support. therefore even if their offspring are born with out exhibiting these disorders,it would still be highly likely for them to grow up with little parental support. i hope someone can provide me more insight into this topic thank you! it is the mutation of chromosome 21. therefore the likely hood of you having down syndrome if your mother had it is 50 high. yes i also understand some brilliant people are born with these disorders, however even they themselves tesla was pro eugenics understand it makes no sense to allow these disorders to be passed down. furthermore rolling the dice hoping for a brilliant individuals seem like betting if we can win a lottery once in a while. if you need to pass a test before driving a car or to own a house, why shouldn't there be a standard when it comes to having a child? or is it fair for kids to grow up in an environment where their parents are incapable of supporting them?
this is something that i find infuriating. vegans are constantly told to shut up and not ''tell people what to eat'', but those same people will then go on to demonize dog eaters. this is assuming that you even abide by a moral system, if you don't then this post isn't for you . you can't have your cake and eat it too, you know.
rights in themselves are entitlements to people. to say you are entitled to a private gold means that you are entitled to the labor that comes along with it. a doctor who worked his way, went to medical school, sacrificed time and money is not at the hands of the sick. no one is entitled to this person's services. same logic can be applied with other countries that aren't as advanced. what if the cost of bringing something is too high, are people still entitled to it. when we say something is a human right, who is expected to pay the costs and bring it to you, someone must take on a cost. who will make the clean water and take on the cost?
they have sparked revolutions, meddled in elections 12 29 usinterferenceforei. png , sponsored created terrorists rebels and have started wars to achieve this and maintain their global influence. recently, they have gone after russia which i believe are just trying to keep to their own and the usa has no place to judge it. it's like the cold war never ended but it's not just against russia, it's against everyone that does not appeal to their western ideas. meanwhile, americans believe that they are the good guys. change my view.
the amount of knowledge required to conduct pe classes is extremely small, regardless of whatever level of education a given school district requires on paper. instructing children on how to do basic exercises and stretches is simple and can be done by someone with a few weeks or months of casual training. since i have about zero knowledge of how physical education works outside of the us, let s limit this to american pe teachers. i know some of them also teach driver s ed and health, but the amount of information taught in those subjects in the us is nowhere near that found in other classes like biology, chemistry, anatomy, etc. i m open to discussing both parts of my view shown in the title of this post: the relative ease of teaching pe and the deserved level of compensation. it appears people are focusing on the fact that the gym teachers at their high schools also teach other subjects. this isn t the case everywhere.
it's a pretty simple one. few people complain about how the majority of young people and the media are liberal, and mostly circlejerk in echo chambers of opinions. now i will acknowledge sometimes identity automatically gives you a different viewpoint. for example, diversity matters when talking about islam, because a muslim can talk from experience. but i dont think having a muslim person in unrelated cases is worth anything just because they're muslim. in general, i'd rather have a board of 10 straight white males with all differing political stances and opinions than a board of black, white, men, women, and whatever else inbetween that all have leftist opinions. if that makes any sense. cmv.
i ll preface this by saying that i am a white male and i am completely open to ideas against my viewpoint. while i do understand that this is likely true some of the time, i think there is a more influential limit to many students educational achievement in high school: their family s income. for instance, wealthier families can afford to move to higher income areas with better funded public schools, or send their children to high quality private schools. poorer families likely would neither be able to afford to live in an area with a top public school nor pay the tuition for a private school for their children. a wealthy black family would be able to afford this; a poor white family would not. while i do not deny that racism still exists in the us, i do not think that it has much of an effect on a student s educational achievement, while the wealth of the family has a profound effect for the reasons i stated before. cmv.
my girlfriend tells me not getting married is a standstill of sorts in a relationship. what sparked this was me to adopt my stepdaughter 5 whom i've raised since she was in diapers. it doesn't signify longevity, married people get divorced all the time. so what's even the point when all it does is cost money and take up your time? nothing is permanent.
it's abstract. unless you believe rational thoughts can appear without any humans present, it's subjective. the reason things like trees are objective is because if you were to kill every human, the tree would still be there. but you can't say the same for something that exists in head. so yeah, that's my argument. i'd prefer no theological attempts at changing my view god exists and his morals are objective because that'd completely shift the focus of the discussion, and i'm an apatheist.
i'm genuinely interested in a rational explanation for the problems i have with this idea as i've never gotten one, most people just shut down or get angry when i ask it. not some backwards version we can say god has. 5 million children die a year. even if we removed the number of children that died at the hands of another human, the number would still be massive. how does that sound like love? how does a child randomly getting cancer sound like love, in our context as humans? i could go on, but i feel this is a good jumping off point. thanks for posts in advance! this assumes the god is also omnipotent and omnipresent. 2: i'm making my way to every comment, i address shorter ones first to try and make it easier on myself. 3: i'm sorely disappointed in the lack of butts i have in my inbox, shame on you cmv readers. alright, sorry, enough joking and back to commenting. 4: i'm getting a good number of replies saying that i'm stubborn or aren't open to changing my view, i completely understand where this is coming from. please understand this is a complex issue and there is a lot of material i have to work through, bare with me. i'm inclined to keep asking questions so everyone understands each other better. also, and i know this may seem more controversial, if someone ends up not changing their mind in this sub reddit can we all still agree educating and having a civil discussion is still beneficial? i've see comments i think are trying to undermine my belief in this because some points made aren't adequate for me but are for someone else. thank you to everyone so far. this continues to be a productive thread, in my mind.
by this i mean that the book doesn't contain any notable insights nor does it resolve any interesting theological questions, albeit i personally love it as a piece of absurdist fiction. worse than that, it seems to be undermining the very religion of whose holy text it belongs to. the book revolves a lot about theodicy; the problem of evil in the world. how can bad things happen to good people, and vice versa? the closest thing the book gives to an answer, is that we puny mortals can't grasp it. the israelites are taught time and again, that the reason they're getting slaughtered by fillistines or robbed and exiled is because they have turned away from god and sinned. they are led to believe, convinced by prophets send by god, that their actions have consequences corresponding to their sins. obviously when job suddenly gets hit by outrageous misfortune, his friends believe him to have committed some secret sin to cause it. we know however, that no such cause exists, and that god just wanted to prove a point to a buddy. god even scolds the friends for assuming that jobs misfortunes were caused by sin, like they have been repeatedly taught by him. all through the bible people are explicitly being punished or provided for according to their sins. by punishing job he is undermining the coherency of his followers, by denying them the belief that has kept them together through suffering and exile; that their suffering isn't pointless, and that it's all just and right. even if job gets richer in the end, how about his original sons and daughters who died horrible deaths for no reason? in the book satan raises the question of the possibility of selfless righteousness. some people are righteous whilst reaping no benefit whatsoever. the problem of unpunished evil goes completely unanswered. also, whether job even remains faithful is, in my opinion, up to debate. is it faith to maintain that god is injust and unfair? he repents at the end, but i would say satan won the bet here. furthermore, job is obviously right in saying that he is punished through no fault of his own, and therefore unfairly. he never explains how his action was fair, apparently because 'god works in mysterious ways' tm and no human could ever understand. except we can, it's right there, black on white, in the beginning: god punished job to prove a point to satan, and if people can't grasp the reasons for their suffering, they are probably either nonexisting or preposterous as they are in the case of job . basically the take away seems to be that sometimes, god is just a bully. phew, sorry about the rant, really needed to get this off my chest. anyways, i know that there are much more knowledgeable people than me in this sub, so i hope you can show me where i've completely missed the point which is probably the case and tell me why i'm wrong!
i got into an argument with someone over my opinion today, and they weren t able to articulate a convincing counter argument so i m wondering if one of you might be able to. my thinking is thus: we are living in an era of upheaval and political unrest all around the globe. we are just beginning to feel the effects of global warming and climate change, and in the years to come the effects will become even more dramatic. the planet is overpopulated. and it s been estimated that there are 153 million orphans around the world who need homes. if you simply must have a child, adopt one of the many who need a family. with all that said, what incentive is there for having a biological child? some people want to have a child that shares their dna, that looks like them, that will continue their lineage. and i m sorry, but in my book that s just plain old fashioned selfishness. why do you think you re so special? it s that kind of limited, self centered thinking that has gotten us to a crisis point as a planet. once all the orphans in the world have been adopted, and we ve turned back the clock on global warming and overpopulation, then maybe it ll be acceptable to procreate again. there was a point in human history where we needed to procreate so that the species would survive. now the opposite seems to be true we need to not procreate if we want to survive. i realize this is a very emotional subject for a lot of people. but really, why would you do that when you could adopt a child in need? for the sake of our planet and our species. can someone can come up with a different argument, that can withstand the scrutiny of logic?
first of all sorry for the abortion topic, this is a view that has been beaten to death. i hate read lot of conservative sites like townhall or fedaralist and there is an anti abortion piece in the site almost everyday. it's almost like propaganda to me at this point. yet clear and convincing arguments for abortion is never presented. my anecdotal view of abortion is, if i were to get a genetic kidney disorder i cannot use the government to force my parents to give me their kidneys. without that kidney i would die but that is not the same as my parents killing me. same way a women should not be forced to bear a fetus that is parasitic to her body. without the mothers support the fetus would die but that is not the same as her killing it. until a fetus achieve viability outside the womb a women retains the right to on demand abortion. afterwards restrictions should be put in place like a threat to the mothers health. denying the right to a women her bodily autonomy i believe is a slippery slope. a pregnant women whose food , medication, smoking, alcohol that is harmful to the fetus can be construed as child abuse and pave the road for criminal legislation. i wrote this on my phone so there might be some grammatical errors. cmv
just look at their respective codes. the jedi code: there is no emotion, there is peace. there is no ignorance, there is knowledge. there is no passion, there is serenity. there is no chaos, there is harmony. there is no death, there is the force. the sith code: peace is a lie, there is only passion. through passion, i gain strength. through strength, i gain power. through power, i gain victory. through victory, my chains are broken. the force shall free me. now, while certain parts of the jedi code, specifically lines 2 and 5, are good, the rest of it seems to be pushing a worldview based on restraint, discipline, and order. now this in and of itself is fine, but it accomplishes this by restricting the influence of passion. passion amp; emotion is the chief governing factor in humans. maybe it's different for certain alien species, i don't know. the sith, on the other hand, encourage passion. they use it, control it, and gain strength and inspiration from it. this is their strength, but also their weakness. emotion can grant power, but it can also blind you. passion should never be without restraint, but the abandonment of it by the jedi is both unrealistic and harmful to it's members. i just wrote a 1500 character wall of text on the philosophy of space ninjas. i am a massive fucking nerd.
as discussed in the post title, apple used to be a super innovative company. really unique, groundbreaking products amp; technology and great marketing , today not so much.
so over the past few months, trump s support has dropped. it has fluctuated between 39 and barely 50 . when the nunes memo came out and it was suppose to be this big thing, it was proven a dud. it died the day it was released. but that didn t stop outlets like fox s hannity and tucker carlson from the dailycaller and fox from saying it was big. they didn t. quite a few aren t. oh and i guess that spending deal which trump wants to roll back. basically, this is what i feel will happen and it may seem like the structure of the narcissist s prayer. that is due to people like hannity and roger stone and dershowitz. a lot of their supporters will believe said congressman. the only times it isn t is when it directly affects the supporter. i hope someone can change my view on this and that if the president does get indicted on crimes or has knowledge of crimes committed and didn t tell anybody to protect his legitimacy , that we won t be stuck in a case where half of the country is supporting him calling the probe a witchhunt. i m not sure if i said all i needed to say
first sorry about my english. i watch nba for a long time already, maybe since 2000s since iverson and vince carter. ever since all time people say until now that greatest all time 'goat' is micheal jordan and second is kobe bryant. jordan has 6 rings and bryant has 5, and they are both winner attitude. change my view please thanks.
now, for starters, i'm not a big fan of our educational systems, but since i cannot offer a better practical alternative for the time being, let's speak in context of the current systems that are commonplace across most countries today. let's keep it simple, and we'll address any complexities as they arise in the comments. with regard our current standardized educational systems, the majority of schools and universities require that a student be present for a certain percentage of lectures in order to pass the course. imo, this is pure fucking bullshit; regardless of whether a student is in middle school, high school, under grad or post grad. plenty of the courses that i've been required to maintain an attendance rate of 85 of over the years have been a complete waste of time, and i could have been utilizing my time better doing countless other things. i just don't understand what the point is in having students attend the courses when they don't feel like doing so. interested in hearing different views on the matter.
there seems to be a movement in the us to curb free expression for those that differ from the liberal norm. the norm is not in question here, though. common example would be jesse ventura v chris kyle estate. the reason i am making this cmv is because i have read articles about canada changing laws to make everything more inclusive. which is fine, but it promotes the groups feelings over the rights of the individual to express themselves. i live in the united states. there have been riots on liberal campuses when someone controversial like milo yiannopolous speaks, or someone who is just conservative, like ben shapiro, speaks. feel free to give mainstream examples for a delta! change my view! ! ! !
as nations and individuals we really need to act quickly in order to limit the damage. i know saying 'should' can be the wrong word to use but i believe it would would show the candidate to be corrupt or ignorant if they don't address the issue. there are many issues that face us as a society, but climate change is the one most likely to threaten our core way of life if nothing is done. it is on the same level as the threat of global nuclear war, which rightfully received this kind of attention during the cold war when it was especially likely.
this creates a massive financial burden on the government. not only does it discourage people from working, it also lowers or stops the funding for other social services. handing out cash for free will most likely lead to irresponsible spending. instead of ubi, a better policy would be to ration basic necessities like food, clothes and medication to the poor so that the work hard for a living. change my view.
there are many different programs different countries have done, such as maternity leave, healthcare reforms centered around birth care, subsidies to assist with childrearing cost, etc these are usually government forms of assistance, but there is also intense opposition to private attempts to help families with these issues planned parenthood is the first thing that comes to mind, but there are probably other good examples . so tl:dr, what am i saying. i'd like to see some justification for this, or just some sort of explanation for why they should keep up this mess of contradictions in us politics.
instead of wiring and microchips, we have individual brain cells. each cell is lined up in a specific way to make an abstract thought as electrical signals flow through them. how could you have thoughts after you die if a. you need electrical signals to be able to think and b. there are no longer brain cells firing off in your brain anymore? think about a young child. their computer is highly undeveloped. think about a brain dead person. their electrical brain signals must be nearly non existent. so, how can we as humans expect to think 100 clearly in an afterlife? if my thinking is true, no religions are true. i mean, what if a severely autistic kid wants to go to heaven? would his autistic thought processes be taken with him? if not, then is that really him? attempt to change my mind
see, anyone can have lgbt experiences, and what is doing the harm is the categorization of people into neat boxes that you can use to oppress them. boxes that, at the end of the day, don't reflect the reality and the diversity of people's experiences. i think it's better to focus on the fact that the lines people draw in order to be able to oppress marginalized people are inherently blurry, and that you can't effectively separate people into those who you want to oppress and those who are immune. in the case of lgbt people, how strong should your attraction to the same sex be or to what extent should your gender identity not align with the one you were assigned at birth, in order to be excluded from the lgbt community? it's better to be inclusive than to try and accept the boxes that society puts us in. but being a mutant is different. you either are or aren't a mutant. there are no half ass powers. mutants and non mutants are different enough for a legitimate case to be made for separatism. this idea of separatism, that we're so different from non queer people that they're not allowed in our spaces, is something that i see gaining popularity these days, and i honestly feel like it could be dangerous, and it could exclude people who need our help most, young and questioning people who don't immediately adopt a queer identity as a lot of us do.
for all intents and purposes, google is the gateway to the internet for hundreds of millions, if not billions, around the globe. i would provide more proof points, with screenshots, but looking forward to using those in some lively discussion. i am open to changing my mind!
i m a republican. but i believe that anyone can be married to anyone. as long as it doesn t hinder my rights you can marry whoever you want. you can spend the rest of your life with the any person you desire. i can t believe it was not legal in the first place. things like that make me question the party continuously. my major beliefs belong to the republican party. therefore, i call myself republican. i get slandered all the time by republicans calling me traitor or flat out ignoring me. i get assigned to the long belief list on the republican website. i actually hate many things republicans in power do. i don t like trump. i ve seen enough. this doesn t just apply to republicans though. it applies to all parties. i only know about the republican side because of my experience.
the election was fucking stolen. russia pushed all sorts of fake news that kept democrats from turning out to vote and encouraged republicans to do so. only republican shrills thought trump had a chance to win. poll after poll shows americans overwhelmingly supports democrats and democrat positions but that declaration of war kept democrats in and enraged republicans. how the fuck are democrats supposed to compete with an image of satan democrats arm wrestling jesus republicans for control of the united states these stories are blatantly false. jesus doesn't even exist!
the mainstream opinion of what incels are is that they're violent misogynists. either violent in their actions, or that they entertain violent fantasies in their minds. and the reaction to that is 'they chose to feel this way about things, they don't deserve our help. ' they're selfish assholes. like the alek minassian tragedy. amp; x200b; but i can remember other similar tragedies, from as far back as columbine to as recently as aghdam's youtube assault, where people didn't react this way. instead of reacting with 'what a selfish asshole' the reaction was 'this person is clearly disturbed, not in their right mind, they snapped, they went wrong in the head, they're suffering from a deep personal anguish. if only someone could've helped them before this happened. amp; x200b; we don't condone the atrocities they commit, of course not. but when people like danny ledonne or aaron stark speak on the matter, the people suddenly wanna talk about how love is the answer and how you should reach out to the people who you think might need it. and that's how people reacted to most cases like this. and i don't yet see how these cases differ from cases like minassian or rodger. take cho's atrocities at virginia tech. he was also hateful. he also wrote manifestos fueled by his hate. he also entertained abhorrent, violent fantasies inflicted upon people who didn't deserve but somehow he saw fit to blame anyway. but the reaction wasn't 'cho was a selfish asshole. ' the reaction back then was 'cho wasn't in his right mind, someone should've helped him. ' or ricardo lopez, 'the bj rk stalker. ' incel before 'incel' was really a buzzword. like an incel, he was lonely. like an incel, he felt 'entitled' to a woman. like an incel, he saw fit to punish that woman for being with someone else, even though that woman didn't know he existed. and like an incel, he was very depressed and unhappy with life in general. and like many incels, he eventually ended up killing himself. and what happened? he wasn't seen as some piece of shit like minassian was. bj rk even mourned his passing. because she and many others understood that what he was doing was not acceptable, but his mind was too far gone for him to just stop doing it. amp; x200b; and it wasn't just cho or lopez or aghdam or the columbine kids. there's stack, there's huberty, there's a whole long list of them, who commit extreme unjustified acts, but somehow we're able to see the tortured existence inside. not being able to date bj rk is no reason to actively try and mutilate her. just like not having had sex is no reason to call for the enslavement of all women. but for lopez we understand that while his reasons are unjustified, something's wrong in his head that turns his loneliness into a reason to kill. so why can't we see that in minassian, or rodger, or the many other incels out there? and in aghdam's case, only just slightly before. how did our attitude towards mental health change so drastically between aghdam and minassian?
a senate that is elected in this way thwarts the will of the people, instead we get minority rule, for instance, kavanaugh was just confirmed by senators that represent less than half of the us population. furthermore, i do think there is anything special about states to warrant allocating power in this way. the size and number of states is not based on some holy formula but is largely a product of historical accident.
this provides a powerful incentive to a ceo to increase the 'value' of their company as it'll improve their stock. the downside of this is that it creates a massive wealth gap and enforces poor wage for low skill workers, with ceos making, in some cases, over 1000x minimum wage.
obviously this is not a die hard rule. often times people come into posts several hours late, but have a great comment, and end up getting enough votes to be seen. this results in them being seen more and, therefore, getting more upvotes simply for being seen. sure, you can see the best comments if you really look hard. i love reddit and really appreciate the vote based system it uses, but the fact that you can have an extremely relevant view or extremely relevant information for a post but that almost no one will ever see makes it flawed. i'm not saying i have a better solution. i did award one delta. i tried to respond to most people and will continue to do so if i see some interesting new view. comment.
while i may disagree, that's their choice and i'm against the government weighing in and making them provide a platform to said people. however, i feel there is cognitive dissonance here on the part of the left.
i mean, there s so much great art made by people who don t rape aren t racist etc. i don t really care if you like his music, the way i see it only a complete asshole would value their enjoyment of a song over not supporting this guy. even if you don t financially support him and pirate his songs, being a fan of someone still has an impact on their success, maybe an extremely small one but given his heinous acts i don t think you should want to support him on any level. i doubt anyone would support him if he did that to them or someone they loved, just because he did it to a stranger doesn t make it suddenly less wrong.
this is for the purpose of disclosure. i certainly wouldn't want to go on a date with a uterus less 'woman' only to find out later.
since modern society considers it just a valueless clump of cells that can be destroyed at any time the host wishes, this kind of attack would be no different than punching someone in the nose and causing a nose bleed. you also could not qualify it as sexual assault since no sexual intent is involved on the part of the perpetrator. inb4: 'you are disgusting and horrible'. really why?
bitcoin isn't the best cryptocurrency and it isn't very useful for purchases because of how much the value changes and how much each one costs. a currency needs to be a lot more stable and that is extremely hard to achieve with cryptocurrency. an example is bitconnect, the coins when bitconnect was realised to be a scam dropped to 5 however people then began stupidly buying them hoping to make some money and its value rose to around 40 50ish dollars before dropping after the hype died down. it isn't as efficient as other currencies and the energy used to mine it is completely wasted when it can be used on other things. the advances in supercomputers to mine it are good but the amount of energy wasted is huge. i am for decentralisation from the government, however the government could make bitcoin like a commodity which would harm it severely.
first two paragraphs are backstory, rest are reasons why i want to quit work i don't get the idea that finding a job is to somehow find your identity i think a job is just a job i do have a relatively prestigious job i teach at a college , but i don't work because it somehow fits 'my purpose' in life i am not against cars or vacations, i just budget them cheaper i also really hate the idea of working until you're 60 years old so my plan is to have about 600,000 saved in retirement accounts and to have a paid off house and then just quit my job i do have a girlfriend wife i'm also female, so don't give me any i need to be the breadwinner arguments and she also works i will achieve my savings goals in about 6 years if all goes according to plan i'm about halfway there have between 300,000 net worth currently i'm currently 38 and plan to retire at about 44 i will also have a small pension i can collect at 55, and social security at 62 and i'm not including those in net worth i will also be leaving the us dual citizen to a country with universal health coverage so that will not be an issue like i said i'm pretty frugal ok having said that why quit work why do i hate it it's because i find work to be nothing but a soul sucking, time wasting, lack of freedom shithole if you work you have to deal with a boss telling you what to do even if it's something you want to do like teach they tell you how to do it and when to do it my job can assign me pretty awful hours at times, but even if the hours were good i still wouldn't like it also the how to do it part is just as bad if you work, will inevitably end up with a night where you don't get enough sleep for various reasons stress from work or home life if you're not working and you have a sleepless night, not a huge deal you'll just have a lazy day if you have to go into work you'll feel tired, groggy, and shitty all day same goes if you're sick now you can of course call in if you have the flu or something else serious, but if you have a cold you should maybe only call in on the worst day of it you'll still end up going into work some days where you're not back to 100 work cuts into hobby and exercise time now there are a lot of people who are overweight and use 'work' as an excuse for not exercising and that's wrong unless they have a really hellish schedule ie 70 hours a week at my job most days i can work out, but i don't like that sometimes i get scheduled for a 13 or 14 hour day and i can't work out unless i want to give up sleep too i like working out every day work prevents that also if you have hobbies, work will cut into those too at some point, inevitably you're going to miss something because of work it could be anything from the release of a new movie to a sporting event you want to see, but at some point you end up having to put work above something you really want to do your boss not only tell you how and when to do your job, but also tells you other things you must abide by unless you want to lose your job fashion choices are dictating by work, but what if i don't like work clothes i also don't want to go too crazy with color, but maybe put some purple highlights in my hair that would go against our dress code when i'm at work too i have to act a certain way that is not 'myself' i feel like putting a mask on at work every day i'm not an immature child, but i have to act for like of a better word 'cucked' instead of 'defiant' when dealing with bullshit i can't wait to turn my boss into the 'cuck' when i tell her i quit and am never coming back it's a small risk, yes, but it's a risk to go to some place i don't even want to be there are risks while at work too, but there are risks around the house as well so i'll just consider those as cancelling out
the commonly cited statistic is '77 on the man's dollar'. i don't think this is a fair evaluation, or evidence for widespread wage discrimination. there are tons of factors it doesn't account for. education, position, hours worked per week, willingness to demand a raise promotion, and willingness to relocate, to name a few. much of the above factors are choice. for example, out of the five best paying college majors, four are dominated by men. out of the five worst paying, four are dominated by women. is this discrimination? is there someone forcing women to choose poorly paying majors? no. a study by the american association for university women a clearly feminist organization found the wage gap to be not 23, but 6. 6 percent. it is entirely possible this is sexism. but it could be any number of other, unexplained reasons. despite what tumblr wants you to believe, there are differences between men and women. this doesn't mean that there aren't wage gaps in certain fields or that certain employers don't practice wage discrimination.
obviously this is not a die hard rule. often times people come into posts several hours late, but have a great comment, and end up getting enough votes to be seen. this results in them being seen more and, therefore, getting more upvotes simply for being seen. sure, you can see the best comments if you really look hard. i love reddit and really appreciate the vote based system it uses, but the fact that you can have an extremely relevant view or extremely relevant information for a post but that almost no one will ever see makes it flawed. i'm not saying i have a better solution. i did award one delta. i tried to respond to most people and will continue to do so if i see some interesting new view. comment.
one thing that i see everyone take for granted is the idea of 'souls'. the idea that everyone has a soul, and that it's distinct from our corporeal forms. usually people use it in reference to the afterlife or reincarnation but that's a religious debate and i just want to talk about who we are here on earth. there's no supernatural part of us that makes us unique. we all have consciousness , which is an interesting topic, but the answers to that question lie in philosophy and psychology and neuroscience, not spirituality. we don't understand everything about the brain but we know enough about it to detect and measure emotions, memories, and personality traits. if those things are determined by grey matter rather than a soul, then what exactly does a soul do? how is it a useful concept whatsoever? the interesting thing i find about this topic is that it's one in which everyone of all backgrounds and political stripes agrees and just assumes must be the case. conservative christians and spiritual chicks on tumblr both agree that we must have souls, despite there being literally no evidence to suggest that. i think it's time that we discarded that antiquated idea.
corruption, as any phenomenon occurring in a system governed by institutions, is a result of the incentives individuals within the organization are subject to. this enables a rabbit chase for 'the right' person, that will never really yield any results. even if we find an angel, it will ultimately be corrupted if the incentives are not right. instead of wasting energy on finding the right leader to whom a cult of personality is owed we should focus on designing systems where even devils are forced to act right. if having a functioning government was all about finding the right person, we would be doomed, as we can hardly tell what the real motivations and ideas of a given candidate are.
we therefore need a non biased outside part whose only goal is for the good of all people. this entity is of course much much much smarter than any human won't be able to be stopped by any human.
i want to start this by saying this has nothing to do with race, religion, ethnicity, or nationality. this source attempts to argue that they do in fact pay taxes, and i will admit that yes, some do. this works out to be a little over 100 per person in income tax. that is not enough money to justify the claim that they pay their fair share of taxes. additionally, we have laws in place to legally immigrate into the us. if we are going to ignore these laws and just allow anyone to enter the country and stay here, then we have lost the sovereignty of the nation. one of my parents is a legal immigrant, and went through the process in the right way. i understand our current process of legally coming here is very messed up. i am a big proponent of simplifying the application process, reducing the wait time, and making legal immigration more accessible. this is not an argument about immigration in general.
he's just the messenger. as graeber points out, 'when someone describes his job as pointless or worthless, he is necessarily operating within some sort of tacit theory of value: an idea of what would be a worthwhile occupation, and therefore what is not. the assumption in modern culture is that markets assess some kind of quasi objective value through pricing. if your labor isn't that valuable, for example, you will be paid less. hundreds of people reported to graeber that they get paid very well to do what appears to be wholly without value to society many of whom work in finance, for example . we can also point to countless activities that are widely accepted as valuable that are unremunerated, like helping neighbors plant flowers, household chores, etc. also, despite being absolutely critical roles for the functioning of society, many careers like education and waste management do not pay very much, and if left to the market alone may not even get done further suggesting there is something off about the market driven theory of value. so on the one hand, we have markets saying the value of a job is worth x gt; 0, while on the other hand we have the people working the jobs themselves saying they're not worth anything at all to anyone. that said, markets are just as susceptible to human error as human beings themselves. think about con artists swindling people out of money. do we say the con artist produced a value to the person swindled just because they convinced them to give them their money? what if some guru or company convinced millions of people to flush some massive portion of their earnings down the toilet every year? because those choices are fundamentally individual choices, they would clearly constitute market choices. but would it be any sign that the real value of those people's decisions? people can and do waste their money. the thing is, many of our primary motivators in life make it difficult to see this kind of waste even when it's right under our noses. in addition, politicians are highly motivated to endorse the expansion of jobs irrespective of whether they produce value. their motivations stem in one part from the lack of saturation of theories about what makes a good life, and in another part because, again, currently the only way to stave off starvation for the people they represent is to get them jobs at all costs bernie sanders' guaranteed jobs plan ring any bells? and just in case you think companies who thrive and flourish in the competitive marketplace are exempt from this problem, consider the fact that our entire economy goes through cycles of boom and bust, with massive hirings and layoffs that indicate that even this system, several times over the course of an average human lifetime, is subject to the same managerial and administrative bloat that government institutions are often rightly charged with. efficiencies take time to develop, perhaps even requiring countless iterations of boom and bust, and bullshit will thrive wherever these efficiencies fail to manifest. now this all might seem like a digression from my claim, but i think it's essential to have in mind for its analysis. there's nothing particularly fancy about the argument. garbage collectors, teachers, nurses, physicians, architects, construction workers: if they ceased to exist, we would be in real trouble. physicians, for example, may spend gt;50 of their day sitting through bureaucratic meetings, and or ticking boxes on endless forms that could be automated away by technology. major researchers report being forced to spend more time on grant proposals than actually performing research or teaching students. so change my view. feel free to use your own experiences. but don't forget i am just making a plausibility claim, and given my extremely flexible definition of bullshit, if you even agree with the simple claim that there's a lot of bullshit in human decision making behavior in the harry frankfurt sense of bullshit , then you might already be a priori on my side. have a good labor day.
i'm gonna keep this short. 1. the style makes them all too similar. they have expresionless faces and all stand in the exact same stance, causing any display you use them in to look boreing. 2. the price. 15 is too much for a chunk of plastic which alot of the time has minimal paint application. 3. they are inescapable. if you're lucky there might be a few other things tucked away in a corner.
we students go to school 8 hours a day 5 days a week. then we have to spend more hours during our time off doing more school work when we should have been given time during class to do it. with the amount of homework i receive it s difficult to balance sports, school, homework, and spending time with friends and family and when im not doing hw im stressed out about when im going to find time to complete it. we spend 45 hours a week at school and dont get paid just to go home and have more time spent on hw when we could be doing something useful and fun. teachers should use time spent in class more useful rather than giving us tons of hw so cmv.
the fact is that the only thing that keeps people from doing 'bad' things like stealing, killing, raping, etc. is the fear of the law. more specifically, the fear of being punished. if you could get away with anything what would you do? you're lying to yourself if you think you would still act like the upstanding citizen you are. absolute power corrupts absolutely. if you had the power to do anything and get away with no punishment, you would do unspeakable things. the law is only thing that keeps men from raping. certain species of animals have been known to rape. it is not out of the question to say that rape is human nature. history has proven this. what happens when soldiers can get away with anything? you get the rape of naking. the rape of berlin. go back even further in ancient times when rape would occur during the sacking and looting towns villages. furthermore, why was martial rape legal for so long? why do we still live in a rape culture? if humans had a innate sense of good evil, none of this should be. clearly morality is not objective, but is based on what society wants. society has chosen that rape is wrong, and has ingrained that in us ever since we're young. but really, it is in man's nature to rape. this logic does not just apply to men. it's just that in lawless states it doesn't happen this way. has there ever been a female on male version of nanking? also the reason i focus on rape is because people generally admit they would steal money if they could get away with it. rape is a more touchy subject though.
i myself am not a vegetarian, nor have i ever been. i personally don't care about animals that much and i love meat. i've never met one that was preachy or annoying either, probably because they are too agreeable to argue the point
yes. i'm going there. they are coming here because they don't want to be murdered and raped. because they want their kids to actually have a future. they are living lives in mexico that we cannot even imagine as american citizens. this can't have anything to do with increased crime because illegals don't commit more crime than native citizens. they commit less. and this can't have anything to do with 'taking our jobs' because they work jobs that native citizens would seriously not want to do, not to mention that the immigrant workforce is actually positive for the american economy. so then, what is it? the law? given what we know about the situation as a whole, my stance on the whole law side of things can be summed up in just 3 words: fuck the law. we are entirely in control of what our laws say and how we choose to enforce them. the law should not be our starting point. doing what's right is our starting point, and our laws flow from there. the difficulty of changing the laws is a shitty excuse to stay beholden to them, especially when we are talking about a humanitarian crisis. i triple dog dare you. cmv.
that means, it can't be made on already established settlements, almost nobody is willing to get their garden ruined to get the wires installed. ugw only works for new settlements. ugw is inappropriate for earthquake zones. that's why japan still uses power posts. ugw may be a problem for regions with underground rodents basically everywhere if you include rats . rodents like to gnaw stuff and squirrels cause a lot of blackouts in the us. not recommended for countries with corrupt politics.
and when 99 of the class forget everything, they're going to go to wikipedia anyways. from what i've seen, history class, specifically civics government history class seems to serve the sole purpose of educating dumb kids about the world we live in. for people in the united states, it is shameful to go to a good high school and good college and not know how many branches of government there are, what the electoral college is it's not a university in washington dc btw , who wrote the constitution, etc. a series of classes should not exist to educate the mentally challenged majority with things they should already know. same thing for college.
and by 'not caring' i don't mean that we shouldn't care about racism issues or racist actions politics speech; i mean living your life and making decision without caring about the race of people around you or your race. there are so many debates currently about 'can white people say nigga', 'is it okay for a white little girl to dress as moana', i even saw on this subreddit 'it is morally okay for a white person to have dreadlocks'. it's such a waste of time to teach what people can or cannot do based on their race, i'm pretty sure we would look ridiculous when debatting this in the eyes of a racism free society. a little girl wants to dress as moana for halloween, come on leave the poor girl alone, who cares. socially speaking, you would even be morally wrong to be 'colorblind' for a lot of people today. i mean, if in your personal life you were physically unable to aknowledge race imagine a rare disease where you can't recognize any race you only see humans , chances are that you could still be accused of racism. to cmv, it would need to convince me that focusing so much about what can do this or that race isn't just ridiculous and has benefits or isn't ridiculous.
there are several reasons why i hold this view, but for now, i will only describe one. i am a big fan of free speech, i think free speech is essential and that everyone should be allowed to say whatever they think, no matter how controversial or even mistaken they are. government should not ban hate speech, because in my opinion hate speech is in fact free speech which some people groups do not like. however, i think that if you are intellectually consistent, that would also mean that a gay person should be forced to make a cake which is against his beliefs convictions. a cake on which says 'all gays will burn in hell forever'.
it's abstract. unless you believe rational thoughts can appear without any humans present, it's subjective. the reason things like trees are objective is because if you were to kill every human, the tree would still be there. but you can't say the same for something that exists in head. so yeah, that's my argument. i'd prefer no theological attempts at changing my view god exists and his morals are objective because that'd completely shift the focus of the discussion, and i'm an apatheist.
looking past all the right wing hitjobs on him? to be honest we all know this entire post could be filled up 8 1 2 years of conspiracy, pure insanity and blind seething hatred towards the man over the pettiest of things much less his actual policies. he increased support for veterans he increased the department of veterans affairs budget in 2010 by 16 percent and 2011 budget by 10 percent. he also signed new gi bill offering 78 billion in tuition assistance over a decade, and provided multiple tax crs to encourage businesses to hire veterans. he passed healthcare reform whether people of the current ruling party would like to admit it or not. obamacare or aca has helped millions of americans with their healthcare where they would otherwise be left to themselves with critical diseases or conditions and would likely be dead by now without it. he took out bin laden pretty self explanatory on that one, which of course because it was obama turned into a conspiracy of 'he didn't really' he repealed 'don't ask don't tell' again, kind of self explanatory. he helped end the war in iraq again, kind of self explanatory. he cut unemployment and made the stimulus package he cut the unemployment rate from 10 to 4. 7 over six years and passed the 787 billion america recovery and reinvestment act. homeless veterans he reduced veteran homelessness by 50 he saved the auto industry in broad strokes? he did and truthfully, bush deserves some crhere as well as bush s decision to use 17. 6 billion in tarp money in december 2008 to keep general motors and chrysler afloat certainly helped as well as what obama did. he raised the gdp of the usa between 2009 and 2016, gdp growth reached at or above 3 on a quarterly basis about eight times, despite trump's claim of obama 'never reaching 3 ' and while the claim is accurate when based on annual gdp growth figures between 2009 and 2016, there are other ways to look at the data. from one quarter to the same in the previous year. doing so shows economic growth has surpassed 3 percent during two periods of obama s presidency. okay, seems pretty solid. and that's just a small list. so let's look at the bad the bad he created a power vaccum probably the biggest, but due to the wishes of the people to get out, he was in a big rush to get our troops out, but that created a power vaccum which has allowed extremest terrorist groups like isis to form and syria being a huge mess. isreal and palestine he vowed to achieve a two state solution by the end of his first term and despite working hard, unfortunately, he followed the standard peace process playbook and got the same results. the russian reset clearly, that hasn't helped anything and west russian relations are still just as bad as they've ever been, especially now. and finally the i'm not sure list he didn't close gitmo he rallied against gitmo and vowed to close it down but because of congress he couldn't successfully shut down something he promised he would. but how much of that is on obama vs congress and the privatized prison system? 'he's a secret muslim' 'he's a kenyan' 'he loves islam' 'he spends all his time golfing' despite taking the least amount of off time compared to bush or trump his travyon martin comment really seemed to piss off the right 'keep the white house white' 'racism didn't exist until obama came into office' 'obama was a race divider' 'obama was elected by black racists' etc etc i just don't honestly believe it's his fault people hated the fact he was black or made up birther conspiracies about him being some government plant with a fake birth certificate to ruin america.
but by now the circlejerk about 'pocahontas in space' or 'fern gully in space' or 'dances with wolves in space' have come so far that i feel that this movie has gone around to being pretty dang underrated. let's knock that first big criticism right off the bat: yes. the plot is derivative. but to be honest, there are a lot of derivative movies out there, so i don't think that's as huge a knock against the movie as other people do. and honestly, the plot structure makes a lot of sense: you have a big crazy world you've developed, what's the best way to get the audience to appreciate it? take an audience proxy character and put them through a protracted fish out of water narrative. now on to the movie's good points firstly, it's one of the only movies, and especially one of the only not completely animated movies, to get a really really good result out of 3d. i've seen the movie 4 times since it came out in 2009: twice in theaters, and twice seeing the extended cut at home protip: the extended cut really does improve the plot quite a bit . and if it came back into theaters in 3d, i would watch the hell out of it in that format, and i'm not normally one to shell out extra for movies in 3d secondly, the movie is technically and visually very well executed outside of 3d: the creatures are all interesting and cool; the ecosystem is dramatic and visually stimulating, mixing tropical rainforest, influences from undersea structures, and karst style rock formations; the near future style human technology is all interesting and gives a good sense of purpose and feels used and lived in. the opening interstellar spaceship did the really cool semi plausible long distance spaceship design that the martian did, but years before that film. and to be honest, the cast is pretty excellent, especially in the roles they're given. stephen lang is awesome as a villainous version of r. lee ermey rip gunny . michelle rodriguez continues to do michelle rodriguez things, which imho is never bad, though it's always a little bit campy. sigourney weaver is good. sam worthington and zoe saldana are both pretty decent as well. so yeah, i think the 'derivative plot' circlejerk has gotten so strong that people ignore the good things about a movie that did a few things wrong and a lot of things right. i don't think it's a 10 10 movie, but it's a solid and entertaining film that stands up to rewatching.
we honestly should of turned both these countries into glass during that war. these countries are absolute shit holes that provide nothing for civilized society. they are absolute savages and the world is better off without their shit countries. i know this seems harsh that i put it this way but i honestly want someone to convince me that there is a need for these horrible countries outside of their resources. any place that raping and beating women, shitting like savages, killing gays and people who don't agree publicly, and failing at every form of self sustaining government is a stain on society and is only holding society back this is my first post on here so let me know if i did anything wrong but this is a deeply held opinion i have that i know a lot of people disagree with and it may be skewed because i was forced to witness this stuff.
i don't understand how any decent human being can believe that someone who has committed sexual assault has the judgment or integrity, and, with regards to the specific question asked in this survey, honest to be a member of the supreme court. i think this, in and of itself, is enough to dismiss the majority of the republican party as simply immoral.
same goes for snowflakes.
ok so first of i think of everyone as equal and i don't think any race or gender is better then the rest. it's sexist for both men and woman actually. so they get stuff handed to them. a small example of this is a female adaptation for every movie. if hollywood was truely feminist they would make their own movie with a female lead that is both empowering to woman and actually a good movie. now on the male end of this. so a man can't make a valid point without being called priveleged white scum or what have you. yes i know all men aren't white but you see my point. i truely think it's coming from a good place. however they need to become more self aware and realize they are who they hate. so yeah that's it. change my view
i want to preface this by saying that i'm not anti gay, or anti trans, or anything like that so that's not what i mean when i say this.
hello all! this is my first cmv post, and i'd like to start by saying i would really like it if my view ends up being changed! to be clear, i define success as personal self actualization and fulfillment, not necessarily as wealth. however, being abale to attain a living wage and pay into a savings account seems like a reasonable part of this definition. they will not be able to learn as much from the curriculum and from the social aspects of school. they likely have no good role models growing up model support, self love, kindness, and emotionally intelligent behaviors. as an adult, they will have to teach themselves these things, if they can. while their peers might feel confidence and trust in themselves as adults, children who grew up without support come into adulthood without these positive attributes. they are more likely to make mistakes like engaging in destructive behavior that will set them back even further. without having someone support them in creating positive experiences when they were are young, it is up to luck to create positive experiences that build self esteem and self trust. the thinking they grew up with and lack of properly fostered self esteem will cause them to feel limited in what they are capable of. they will be very likely to close themselves off to oppurtunities thinking they can't do it. the pattern of failure started in childhood is mostly beyond their control.
warning: this post will contain spoilers for tlj. if you hadn t watched it and don t want it be spoiled, then click off this post now. you have been warned now, i am of the camp, who, gasp, wasn t a big fan of tlj. now unlike most people i can see some good in it, and i think that those few good points are what makes up the positive camp. so this why tlj is not good. 1. that has to do with the character rey. rey is a mary sue sue . she is great at everything she tries. she s an amazing pilot, mechanic, gunslinger, jedi, force user, who can stand toe to toe and even beat much more experienced jedi and sith lords. now, in fa, i was able to ignore it more due to the fact that i thought that it would be revealed in lj, that she was connected to someone or something important. in tlj, it s decided that her backstory, that thing teased about by jj abrams and his mystery box, is unimportant. she s just the child of some drunk hobos. she s a no one. this infuriates me. there is no reason this character should be this powerful without any training. it took luke months before he became a tenth as powerful as her. ben spent all of his life training with a jedi legend, easily defeated by a girl who didn t think the force was real just a few days ago. it also doesn t help that rey expresses less that the lovechild of bella swan and jimmy stewart. i mean, does she even smile in this movie. at all. 2. another hole in wall do even have to state this. superman leia are so many plot holes in this movie. so. instead of talking about them in long ranting detail, i will just create a list. 1. how did the order get everyone together. 2. where did they get the resources to fund them. 3. why didn t holdor tell them about the plan. she risked a mutiny because she didn t tell them about it. 4. how did the hacker know that they were using escape pods. 5. how do spaceships run out of fuel. this is the first time we ve heard about this risk. 6. why didn t the fuel up earlier. 7. how do bombs fall in 0 gravity. 8. why did ben kill his master. wasn t the point of killing his dad to prove his loyalty to him. 9. why would luke create a map to him if he wanted to be left alone. 10. if lightspeed could destroy a ship like that, why didn t one x wing flying into the death star in iv and cut it in half. 11. when did luke get the jedi texts. 12. how did luke die? 13. how can leia fly through space! ? ! 3. clutter my third big problem with the movie was that it felt cluttered. new important characters have been introduced into the movie that we have never heard of and for the most part didn t care about. rose: token asian who adds nothing to the plot. she only exists to be the token. holdor: she could ve should ve been replaced by admiral akbar and the movie would have been better for it. dj: hacker who could have been interesting had he been given more time on screen. only character you will actually even passingly care about. now. many might argue that i am being heavily judgmental. here is my proof that these characters suck. quote one line they said. any line. this movie is also very cluttered, despite being near 2 hours and thirty minutes. this is mostly due to the casino plot point. it was mostly a drag and a bore. they spend multiple minutes talking about how capitalism is evil. in my opinion, instead of the c plot, we could should have seen a rise of factionalism rise in the resistance. with no cleat leader, many pretenders, and faction groups rise. some thinking they should flee and regroup later. and others saying that they should stay the course. that would have been much more interesting than the bland casino scene. 4. deus ex machina and a lavk of this is my 4th and last problem with it. that and they fail to answer the real questions we have. why can leia fly? she just can. she s just chosen. how does rey learn the force so quickly? cuz movie. how do they know the rebels are escaping in the pods. cuz movie. questions we wanted answered. who s snoke? who cares. who re rey s parents? i dunno, junkies? how did fin join the stormtroopers? who cares! how does luke use to force to project himself? who cares. who were the knights of rin? who cares. in summary the biggest problem is that the movie fails to give us satisfying answers to the biggest questions and fails to create compelling stories or characters. so, cmv that tlj is bad.
when i say that, i mean that billionaires should be required to give enough money to charity or something similar so that they're no longer billionaires. in fact, i think that this should apply to anyone with 10 million usd, but i'm just going to focus on billionaires feel free to tell me why i'm wrong to extend this to people with 10 million usd though . the reason for this is pretty obvious: they have too much money to make meaningful use out of and yet there are people who make too little money for an adequate life. almost three years. to run out of money buying something every day that most people can't buy in their lifetime. according to this oxfam article in 2017 the eight richest people have as much money as the poorer half of the world. that's a huge imbalance! imagine how many lives they would save or improve if they gave away their wealth!
the 2nd amendment was put in place so that the people would be able to defend themselves when the government can t. around 75 of shootings are committed using illegally aquired guns. just about every single mass shooting has occurred in a gun free zone. mass shootings happen for the same reason police brutality incidents happen, because they target people they know can t fight back. you could say that other countries have strict gun laws and they work, but the u. s isn t like other countries. look at cites like chicago and los angeles which have super strict gun laws, yet super high crime rates.
all fact is based on repeatedly similar results from the same act. this is invalid in two ways. firstly, ad antiquitatum is the argument that you cannot predict the result based on past observation. if every time you have smacked a table with your fist it has made a loud noise, that does not necessarily mean it always will. 100 of all past observation is 0 of the conceptualised infinite possibilities. this applies to all instances of scientific observation of any kind. secondly, all past observation is based on individual human perception. nick bostrom argues that all perception has the capacity to be simulated. scientific recordings of temperature, physics, any instance of proposed scientific fact is refutable.
i personally draw the line at wherever the baby is conscious, which admittedly i do not know exactly when it happens, but that does not change the nature of my argument since it happens far before birth. the baby's rights are more important as the baby is the one being killed for 99 of the time their parents' failure to be responsible. i think this is a foolish argument as once again it's not a matter of just doing what you want with your own body. the third one of my arguments is: people claim it's a right to determine for oneself whether they reproduce. it is someone's right to determine whether or not they reproduce. however that decision is made when they choose to have sex. the risk that was taken can backfire, and given that the sex is consensual, the risk of impregnation is their responsibility. if that risk does indeed backfire, they can not claim a way to get out of it, costing another person their life, and act like it's their 'right' as a person who does not have to forcedly reproduce. now i know that some people are really passionate about this topic, and i want everyone to understand that, i am not trying to offend you.
this is for the purpose of disclosure. i certainly wouldn't want to go on a date with a uterus less 'woman' only to find out later.
some background: i'm a cis, white, liberal woman. this particular opinion i hold is one that tends to clash with the general belief systems of many of the communities and political sects that i consider myself a part of, and that's why i'm coming here to hopefully gain insight into aspects of this phenomenon that i, as a white person, may not realize or understand. i feel like an example scenario may be the best way to explain what i mean, so here we go: jenny is a 16 year old white girl. she lives and goes to school in an area that has a fairly equal population of black people and white people. she has seen black girls online and in school that wear box braids, and she thinks they're beautiful. she regularly compliments all kinds of women on all kinds of hairstyles that she thinks are pretty, and gets inspiration from them all the time. eventually, she decides to go get box braids for herself. she posts a picture on social media and some guy named richard comments 'so hawt! ! ' or something. a look back through richard's post history shows that a week ago he made a post disparaging natural hair hairstyles, calling them 'ghetto', 'trashy', 'ugly', what have you. as annoying sounding a term as it is, i truly do believe that 'cultural appreciation' is a genuine thing although i hate saying it because i feel like it has the same connotation as 'all lives matter' or some shit . anyway, my point here is that jenny loved a certain hairstyle, and acted out of nothing but admiration and respect. had she been the one to previously condemn such a hairstyle when worn by a black woman but gone on to decide that it was 'okay' if she did it, then she certainly would be guilty of ca. in this instance, the only person at fault is richard, who also didn't commit ca, but was absolutely a massively problematic bigot. regardless of whether jenny's hairstyle was what incited richard's hypocrisy, she is not the one responsible for his skewed stances or more accurately, the larger societal views that he represents in this situation . basically: there's no doubt that in many instances, society vilifies an aspect of a certain culture simply for the association with said culture, but then glorifies it when it presents itself among 'white culture'. this is absolutely problematic, but attacking well meaning individuals is the wrong way to deal with it.
'the funding paradox' if ex. would anything bad really happen if we quit funding these 3 fields except beautiful old buildings would remain unmaintained? even in extreme examples like mao zedongs cultural revolution, they still had some kind of culture, china's culture wasn't equal to zero after that, culture lives on, culture is an unkillable force that will exist in a society as long as humans exist. imo what forms our cultures, our ways of livings are not formed by some artist author that can't survive on a commercial basis who have works only a few of the city's population has seen, rather the private sectors industrial designers, designing the typical 70s kitchen, our typical 90s style cars and all other everyday items, if you think about the 90s, you often think about this category. design however i agree upkeep of old buildings and parks are important because it is highly connected with peoples will of living in a particular city and increased life quality, this may even generate tourist income. i believe the private market alone can shape our culture and ultimately will, trends will constantly keep changing the way we live, ex. fashion. link with some of my arguments explained differently.
so we're all on the same page, let's define some terms. sex biological. male female with some rare but notable exceptions. not that i'll be noting them. gender psychological. how one identifies and feels. it's their sex that they want to change generally , not their gender. i know there are people who would rather change their gender to match their sex, but i'm pretty confident that they are a small minority compared to the rest of the trans community. cmv!
first of all, i don't think that there are such things as natural rights not even for humans rather rights are derived from morality which i think has no natural basis like a god i'm an atheist other than basic empathy and that it just sometimes feels good to do 'good stuff' which feelings have evolutionary origins. so there is no such thing as one true morality. my philosophy is 'don't die and do whatever the fuck you feel like doing' and that we should construct our morality around this statement. so there is no logical reason to give animals rights because rights are defined by humans and giving animals rights doesn't help us to survive and usually makes doing things that we feel like doing a lot harder or impossible. for example eating meat, because you like the taste of meat; or experimenting on live animals to invent things, or just simply to satisfy your scientific curiosity; and if for some reason you like torturing animals, although i don't advocate it, i don't see any reason why you shouldn't as long as that animal isn't someone else's property . about veganism: i don't think we should ban it or anything like that, since as i said if you feel like doing something you should do it, but it is just plain stupid. the problem with this argument is that it can seemingly easily be extended to humans leading to the conclusion that murder and theft are okay. however looking at history we see that quality of life and life expectancy have greatly increased since society formed, therefore forming a society and working together is the most efficient way to 'survive' and by being willing to give up doing some things that we 'feel like doing' like murfer theft or anything that would make society disfunctional we enable ourselves to do so much more . therefore we must shape our morality and law that makes for the most efficient and freest society. because of the social contract: contract giving every human equal rights is the most optimal way to go. to prevent rebellions and such however recklessly sticking to our current morality and not thinking thinks through logically with cold strict reasoning thwarts advancement. for historical examples see slavery because of racism; the dark ages because of the church's influence; and now , although not nearly as serious or impactful as the above examples, this animal's rights bullshit is stopping slowing down scientific fields like cloning and genetic manipulation, which are incredibly useful. even if they did have consciousness, because of the above arguments i don't think we should give a shit. this 'rant' was somewhat inspired by a biology teacher that i knew getting into trouble for cutting open chicken eggs with live chikens in them. i would post a link to the news articles but its in hungarian i will probably never change my mind about the first paragraph but i'm completely open to anything logically deduced from that.
they belittled my competence for not doing so with sentences like 'what the fuck goes through your brain when you just walk away leaving it up? i don't want to have to touch the seat when i go in' given that if it's up then men have to put it down and if it's down women have to put it up, we can conclude that at least one gender has to touch it. given that nobody likes doing the pain of it we can safely say that the most logical solution is to have the gender with the least amount of members in the house have the short straw, therefore causing the lowest net pain.
just a few reasons no one alive during jesus' time writes about him. everything we allegedly know comes after the fact. writers like philo of alexandria and other early 1st century writers are utterly silent. no one mentions jesus positively or negatively. the early church gives some pretty big clues about it. in his first apology, justin martyr all but comes out and admits that jesus' story wasn't so original. martyr's explanation for this? devils knew jesus would show up and made religions that were similar to him but got it all wrong . it's the lamest of lame excuses. the matter wasn't remotely settled even in ancient times. athenagoras of athens in the second century pens a 30 paragraph essay explaining christianity called 'a plea for the christians' in which he explains that the son of god didn't come into reality, but it just an idea; a purely spiritual being. doesn't make much sense to me. most modern christian scholarship on the subject never even remotely addresses the idea that christianity could just be the 1st century's version of scientology; a made up scam. first century judea was certainly the right place for such a scam religion to take off. they treat jesus as an historical figure and refuse to consider that he might and likely is a work of historical fiction. and the historical method of looking at information doesn't give us a way to tell history from historical fiction: not with the bias that modern day christians carry with them.
your position on abortion policy should not be a good predictor for your position on climate policy. if i can guess your position on abortion, gun control, healthcare, education, affirmative action, capital punishment, drug laws, minimum wage, and corporate taxes, simply by you telling me your views on climate change policy, then odds are you re just a victim of tribalism and group think, and you haven t actually come to many of these conclusions through objective research. it is because i d be all the way left on some issues, all the way right on some issues, in the middle on some, mixed on others, and uncertain some as well. it s possible that going all the way in one direction for every issue just so happens to be correct, but i d say it s rather unlikely. i don t want to give away any of my positions, since they aren t relevant to my point.
it consists of 15 seats, 5 of which are held permanently by the us, uk, france, russia, and china. the other ten seats are held by various states for two year terms. the permanent member status gives five countries outsized influence on global politics basically for as long as the un exists. they are always guaranteed an influence on the council no matter what. this seems unjust to me. perhaps a hypothetical will help explain my view. let s say france decides that they want revenge on germany for the two world wars so they invade though belgium of course . so i guess there are two major aspects for you to cmv. 1. 2.
ld. all this because in a world of science and technology, religion is a fragile th
sugary, fatty food is so much cheaper then healthier meals. think about it, look at any grocery store. fresh, lean meats and fresh vegetables especially organic are ungodly expensive. meanwhile, you can get sweets, prepackaged food and processed food for only a couple bucks. think about it, being a very poor person or maybe someone who recieves snap benefits, with very little money to spend on food has to ration their money and make it last a month. seriously, have you ever noticed that in general it's usually poorer people who are overweight and more wealthy people are thinner another good example is mcdonald's and other fast food places. it's a quick solution for people who have very little time to cook, but you can buy a burger for literally 1 dollar. the grilled chicken sandwich costs around 5, and a salad costs about 6 or 7. it may not seem like much, but it adds up. a lot. now there is some personal choice involved, but still, there's really no healthy options for people who can't afford to buy fresh healthy food on a regular basis. this is all my opinion, because i went through something similar when i was between jobs. but i am willing to listen to opposing opinions
and i am not going to address marriages that contain abuse, drug use, or financial irresponsibility. i'm just referring to marriages that have become roommate situations at best, daily fights at worst. 1 you will not grow. it should be a place of mutual respect and support. but if you are in a marriage with a disconnected, unsupportive, nagging, etc. , spouse, any growth you make will be survival skills. 2 you will likely become depressed. people often assume that someone is lonely if they are alone, but i'd argue that sometimes the feeling of being alone when you are with someone is much worse. that feeling of knowing things shouldn't be this way, that you've tried and tried and you are still stuck and have no means of making the marriage work and just pass each day as co managers of shared life logistics is depressing as h ll. the inability to fix a marriage will make this worse, and while there are thousands upon thousands of counselors and books and classes and talks about fixing your marriage, in truth they rarely work. 3 you will have a negative impact on your kids there's so much to tackle here, so i'll just cover the most salient points. kids will learn what marriage looks like from you. some say that they don't fight in front of the kids, so it's not hurting them. well, kids pick up on the negative emotions in the room. you don't have to raise your voice or slam a door to know mommy and daddy can't stand one another. and if you grow up in a family where the parental foundation is really a shaky facade, the kids will be raised feeling insecure about their family and their relationships. 4 one of you is likely to cheat on the other it's happened so much around me in the past few years it's sad, and that is one or even both spouses cheating. whether it gets discovered or not, it's happening a lot. if you cheat, you made that decision with free will. 5 very few people have what it takes to fix a marriage if you and your spouse have spent years being unable to communicate and resolve your issues, if you have reached the point where you nitpick each other in front of your friends, etc. , i think the marriage is dead and can't be saved. this last item is probably the biggest one that someone may be able to change my view on. what seems to happen, though, is that one or maybe even both parties in the marriage is unwilling and or incapable of doing what is necessary to fix a bad marriage.
not for the sake of representation, but because the series has nowhere else to go. rations continued well past the war, the big changes in society were inward universal healthcare, declining heavy industry, pop cultural awakening, migration from former colonies changing the social makeup . the uk s power to project colonial strength by hard power pretty much ended with the suez crisis. a form of soft power to say: we re still here. the uk is not like this today. the empire as it stood has completely ended. the younger generation has no clue what this colonial outlook is like. the capital is one of the most ethnically diverse places in europe. brexit happened. the fantasy of the sophisticated colonial gentleman is a symbol with nothing to signify. while daniel craig salvaged the character from the cheesy nonsense of the later brosnan years, he s also showing his age, and his bond specialises in being a broken, shattered, deconstructed version of the sean connery ideal. after casino royale, not much about the character has been added beyond the eternal metatextual isn t it time you retired? that s why the new bond should add a totally different perspective. it shouldn t be like kingsmen a crass send up of the old bond style but something that acknowledges the shift to different, more fractured ideological conflicts and the post colonial age. the new bond shouldn t be a colonial tourist, but someone who can navigate apocalyptic ideologies nationalists, fascists, jihadists and complex identity politics with ease and understanding. the new bond shouldn t be casually waltzing into a cold war type super villain lair that has cold war fantasy weapons like space lasers, but uncovering networks of ideologically linked cells that work on makeshift means and exploit political conflicts. he shouldn t have all technology handed to him by q, but understand how the internet works as a field of conflict and be somewhat digitally savvy. most of all, he shouldn t be a fantasy figure from the late colonial age. he should be a product of that era s consequences. there s no better way to embody that than with an ethnic minority bond. it shows a globalised, not formally colonising uk. it imbues the character with an intrinsic understanding of navigating different worlds and cultures. it forces the filmmakers to not lazily retreat to retreads of past films. it makes bond going to exotic locations meaningful and difficult, because it can no longer be taken for granted that a colonial gentleman can just swan around the rest of the world like he owns the place. it raises the stakes of the character and the films to match the stakes that exist in our world today.
i find it unbelievable. also, tell me if i'm wrong, but to me there is no possible way they use all of that money. i remember seeing a youtube video where they talk about how the military buys new bullets every year because they want to, while the exess bullets from last year are used for training. in addition, why on earth do they need that much money when we aren't even in any major wars? if we were in a world war or something, i'm all for a large military budget. but we aren't, so why do they need that much money?
high iq societies are clubs that typically only allow members with a certain iq percentile. people who join these clubs typically do so to indicate that they're intelligent and to socialize with peers who are as intelligent. the reason i think it's stupid is mainly because i believe these people put way too much value into their iq. and iq score is typically a very narrow indicator of intelligence, excluding things like emotional intelligence, creativity and social skills. not to mention it's outdated, since the iq of the general population has been steadily growing, but the average is still set to 100. meaning that and iq of 140 is less impressive than it used to be. which brings me to my main point in that his members overestimate the value of iq, a lot of them probably take much pride over it because they lack other significant achievements in their lives.
i know that i'm probably going to get a tirade of angry people coming at this post, calling me a misogynist. however, i'm hoping that someone can enlighten me, because i will readily and thoroughly admit understand that i don't understand this very well. basically, we know that for one week out of the month, women get periods during which many of them experience cramps and discomfort. during this time, most of them don't want sex, which is understandable. but how hard is it no pun intended :p to suck on or rub your so's penis for five minutes? you're just physically sucking on a part of your so, and it's 110 safe provided that no one has stds. and this also applies to women in general who don't want sex: yes, i understand that sex can be painful uncomfortable tiring relationship dependent etc. but if you want to gt your partner off satisfied with little effort when you're not in the mood, this seems like a great alternative. change my view!
in past eras, advanced physics helped humanity develop by explaining the world around us. it helped us understand orbits, advance our knowledge of how atoms function, leading to developments in many fields, and enable our technology to take advantage of more mechanics of the universe than before. however, recently the amount of useful results to come out of the physics field seems to have dwindled. now, most of what is produced seems to deal with highly conceptual research, such as string theory and quantum gravity. other avenues of research, such as particle physics research, produce information with little to no practical uses for humanity. the large hadron collider alone cost 4. 75 billion, and annually requiring approximately 1 billion to continue operation. although the collider was instrumental in proving the existence of the higgs boson, the particle has no uses. other experiments involve not investigating anything new at all, merely proving and re proving what we already know about relativity and its related research. instead of continuing to pour money into a field which has extremely limited benefits, i believe funding should be taken out of the physics field and used to solve real problems in the world. the money used to build the lhc could have been used for things like feeding the poor, fixing the education system, or advancing medicine. if the lhc's annual budget was taken away, there would be an extra 1 billion dollars every year dedicated to solving tangible real world problems.
i think most of teachings of jesus are liberal in nature. matthew 5:9 cons: traditionally 'war hawks'. supported invasions of vietnam and iraq more than most liberals. john 8:7 blessed are the merciful: for they shall obtain mercy. matthew 5:7 but if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your father forgive your trespasses. matthew 6:15 cons: support death penalty and harsher punishments for criminals. 'x is soft on crime' taxes: jesus: render therefore unto caesar the things which are caesar's; and unto god the things that are god's. matthew 22:21 cons: resist taxes in all forms. greed: jesus: in the temple courts jesus found men selling cattle, sheep and doves and other sitting at tables exchanging money. so he made a whip out of cords, and drove all from the temple area, both sheep and cattle; he scattered the coins of the money changers and overturned their tables. john 2:14 amp; 15. you cannot serve both god and money. matthew 6:24. cons: strive for tax cuts and less regulations that benefit big corporations. support free markets over literally anything else. luke 12. 15. but when you give a feast, invite the poor, the maimed, the lame, the blind, and you will be blessed, because they cannot repay you. you will be repaid at the resurrection of the just. luke 14:13 amp;14. cons: no qualms about income inequality. oppose social programs. compassion: jesus: love your neighbor as yourself. matthew 22:39 so in everything, do to others as you would have them do to you. matthew 7:12. cons: hate towards immigrants, refugees, traditionally more racist sexist homophobic. 'not in my backyard'. overall: jesus was liberal at his core. he rejected the old, orthodox views on religion and life. he represented and brought forth radical change that was based on inclusion, compassion, equality, tolerance and love. quite literally too, because historically christianity gained wide public support from the masses precisely because it was open to all. you didn't have to be part of the chosen people like jews, in order to be saved.
contrary to what reddit would have you believe fascism doesn't 'racist' or 'far right'. fascism just means gt; a governmental system led by a dictator having complete power,forcibly suppressing opposition and criticism, regimenting all industry, commerce, etc so there's three main components of fascism. 1. government has complete power 2. they forcibly suppress opposition 3. they regiment industry and commerce so let's start with 1. trump's administration is deregulating at an incredible rate and deregulation is one of the core republican policies. positions of the republican party deregulation significantly decreases both the size and power of a government. now number 2. forcibly suppressing opposition doesn't necessarily have to be done through murder. censorship is also extremely effective at this. this is made evident from the widespread censorship of conservative view points from all major social networks. you could make the argument that the left only calls for censorship of speech that incites violence. the right has fewer circumstances in which they believe their opposition must be censored. you could also argue that these are private companies completely within their rights to not give a platform to anybody for whatever reason. but that situation is very comparable to when street owners tried to censor demonstrations from people they didn't agree with politically. this was dangerous because the street owners had an oligarchy on the means of free speech. they could censor any idea they disagreed with. this is a perfect comparison for social networks today, with one judge going as far as to say gt; in coming to this holding, the court emphasized that streets and parks are the quintessential forum for the exercise of first amendment rights and while in the past there may have been difficulty in identifying the most important places in a special sense for the exchange of views, today the answer is clear. it is cyberspace the vast democratic forums of the internet in generally, and social media in particular . the major social networks have an oligarchy on the means of free speech. it is censorship when they ban opposing views from their platform. and finally 3. this one is pretty cut and dry. it's pretty much half of their platform but that doesn't mean the democrats are worse. both parties are so so far from actual fascism that it's pointless to call either even remotely fascist. anyone who does so doesn't understand the definition of fascism. which is understandable considering how the democrats on this site have overused the word to the point that nobody seems to.
firstly, this post is inspired and essentially a response to the following two videos by youtuber cgp grey: typically, i love content from this channel, but i find myself vehemently disagreeing with the simplicity of his view about the function of death as a part of life. the following are reasons why i believe death needs to happen. the idea that suddenly everyone will be immune to death, and that the last person will die forever is preposterous. this would cause widespread issues including backlash from those whos religion does not agree with immortality, for example panic, and most likely a desperate struggle for people to gain access to this 'death cure'. the presence of a death cure itself would cause a great deal of chaos, and even if the chaos ends one day, there will be other issues that arise 2: having a world where old ideas, practices, beliefs, and ideologies remain with the people who hold them sounds awful. the way things are now, new people are being born every day bringing new points of view, movements, and ideas forward. with new generations comes innovation and change. think of some of the points of view or ideologies held by people as early as 20 years ago. now think about 50 years ago. 100 years? the world we live in has drastically changed with our new ideas. for this reason the cycling of human life is necessary. those who are old overwhelmingly tend to become stuck in their ways, believing that their longevity makes their points of view valid. curing a death will either put a halt to this change, or slow it dramatically due to the need to control our population. 3: having a cure for death would require us to impose extreme controls on our population. currently, our population is growing at an alarming rate, while the condition of our planet deteriorates. if we find a death cure, and continue to grow in the same way, we will very quickly outgrow our means for sustaining ourselves. the solution to this problem would be imposing extreme controls on who can breed and when. these things would need to be monitored, and rules would need to be enforced. i don't think i need to describe the dystopian future that this would create. the idea of even being able to successfully control the breeding of 7 billion people is extremely difficult. rather than keeping one organism alive for a potential eternity, it is far easier to have that organism breed, multiply, and have their offspring do the same. this allows for the spreading favorable traits, creating new and better version of each organism. 5: with an eternity to live, inevitably you will get bored. sooner or later in an infinite time span you will no longer be able to find joy in what mortal life might have to offer. when you've seen an done everything over an infinite amount of time, you'll eventually decide it's time to check out anyway. this isn't inherently bad, a desire to live is necessary for life to carry on. cmv currently my comments aren't coming through properly are being tacked on to the wrong posts. i will reply to comments as soon as i can.
i don't see what's wrong with that. it's perfectly understandable in other contexts. people want their partner to be good on the inside, but also on the outside. like, i'm sure most of you reading this would not date a severely physically disabled person. so why is it wrong when this logic is applied to race? it doesn't affect anyone if, for example, i wouldn't be happy to commit to a black or brown woman, thus i draw the conclusion that it's okay. even if i'd be considered racist. it's a harmless form of racism.
i know e sports is probably a very common topic here, but i'm not here to discuss it's legitimacy as a sport. although almost anyone can be fit, let's face it. not everyone can run as fast as usain bolt. we are born with certain attributes due to our geneyics, and usain bolt happened to be gifted with an incredible amount of fast twitch fibres which provide him with the explosive power to run quickly. cmv?
low taxes and minimal regulations have allowed the massive growth in wealth over the last few hundred years. if we raise taxes, and start regulating things, we are damning ourselves by ruining the system that gave us this wealth in the first place. i'd like to consider an alternative explanation. whether the taxes were high or low, whether there were a lot of regulations or a few regulations, automation would have buoyed us up either way. when you can get more result from less effort, you will naturally be better off. as long as innovation is allowed and encouraged by the competitive nature of business, innovation will continue. not low taxes and minimal regulations.
louis ck was recently accused of inappropriate sexual behavior, where he exposed himself and masturbated in front of several woman, who were shocked, confused, or disturbed by his behavior. while this behavior is certainly inappropriate and distasteful, he never actually forced these women to watch, and he didn't have any physical contact with the women. if they wanted to, they could have left the room at any time or told him to stop. he might have been in a position of power, but these women still had free will regardless. all of his film, television, and stand up projects have been cancel. he has admitted that he was wrong and has given what seems to be a heartfelt apology. he is one of the greatest living comedians and his style of brutally honest, self reflective comedy has had a positive impact on millions of fans.
the three main bases of assessment would be: 1 financial economic, 2 psychologically, 3 criminal history. 1. economically financially: the person or couple must be able to demonstrate that they will be able to provide for the child's basic needs housing, food, reasonable estimate of healthcare etc. , and education at least through high school . this would be based on a holistic assessment of the person's and or couple's current income both active and passive , earning potential, availability of fairly liquid capital; the total earning potential should be able to cover the benchmarked costs for the above mentioned necessities without incurring excess debt i haven't calculated exactly what that'd be, but it'd be leveraging themselves up to a certain percentage of their current income 2. psychologically: the person or couple must be able to demonstrate that they pass a psychological evaluation that deems them fit to be parenting. i haven't completed figured out what the guidelines would be yet, but it would basically have to demonstrate that the person or couple doesn't have any severe mental disorders nor a recurring history of disorders . 3. criminal history: the person or couple cannot have a lengthy or recurring history of criminal activities this would be based on a has a lengthy history of criminal offenses; not civil offenses their past would need to be evaluated and indexed based on severity; e. g. first degree murder would pretty much rule out your chances, while involuntary manslaughter would be need to be further examined . ultimately, i think successfully implementing these measures would: increase gdp per capita, increase household income per capita, increase household expenditure per capita, decrease income inequality, increase literacy rates, reduce violent crime, decrease household debt, reduce underemployment and unemployment note: unemployment is different from underemployment . these quantitative changes would also qualitatively lead to a 'better society' with a higher quality of living. this is still a developing view, but it's a rough idea that i've been thinking about recently. i did a lazy job of fully fleshing out my thoughts because there're just way too many changes and causal links to list, but feel free to pick something and question it. you won't be able to cmv if you talk about how this isn't feasible in terms of implementation.
i see cultural pushes to 'get out and vote'. i work in software development, and we have a saying: there are no such thing as dumb users, there are only dumb products . if people are not using your product, there isn't something wrong with them there's something wrong with your product . this video, the problems with first past the post voting explained does a great job in explaining the shortcomings of our current voting system, but i don't think we'll ever have a reasonable discussion about it until we start legitimizing non votes.
firstly, it's violent, not just because its monotheistic which confers upon it a natural propensity for division , but also because of the ramifications for apostasy which includes ostracisation and violence. it's an inherently chauvinistic religion a woman's testimony is worth half of that of a mans.
i consider blasey ford a personal hero. that she has put herself at great risk to come forward with her sexual assault is in itself a triumph. every single woman has experienced this and every single woman understands how difficult it is to speak publicly about this. never do white men go to women to seek their validation. blasey ford has given her account of what took place. she s provided all the facts and evidence needed to label kavanaugh a sexual predator. if white men in the republican party don t like it then they can piss off. the rest of the world knows what kavanaugh is. let those sexists vote for a sexual predator then let them face their constituents.
spoilers, obviously. also standard first time posting and on mobile disclaimers. at the time of writing, the movie has an 84 certified fresh rating on rotten tomatoes and the poll on r movies has a mean rating of 8. 81 i'd link it, but again, mobile . and despite wanting to love it, i came out of the movie largely disappointed. here are my complaints. 1. thanos is not a great villain. his rhetoric rings empty: the whole 'ultimate solution' schtick is never once challenged directly and never has an alternative solution proposed. sure he 'loves' his 'family,' but that's told to us, not shown, really. 2. the fights look good, but were ultimately nonsensical. strange's only use of the time stone ends up being pointless as he doesn't follow through unless that's part of the setup for how the avengers 'win' later in the follow up, which still rubs me the wrong way 3. in a 2 1 2 hour movie no one, with the very minor exception of vision, got any character development. i understand this is a consequence of the ambition of the project, but that's no excuse. and here's where i'm going to put a secondary super spoiler warning 4. literally erasing 50 of the cast was incredibly lazy. i understand this was an attempt to pare back the frankly unmanageable number of characters but it came off as an obvious plot device. having no rhyme or reason to who got dusted may have made plot sense but it's no coincidence that the characters lost were a. not the super main main characters ie tony and steve or anyone with whom they have unresolved plots ie black widow and b. were actors who likely had to be paid disproportionately to their screen time ie sam jackson, idris elba . the only outliers here to me seem to be starlord and strange. i have more minor complaints but this post is long and pretentious enough. cmv! i am admittedly a movie only person. that being said, i prefer to evaluate the experience in only that context.
i get that i am playing with fire with this question in the reddit community, and by all means i am not saying that it should be banned or along those lines. i'm hoping you can elaborate on why you believe its 'morally' correct and why you would allow your future children to do it themselves. cmv those who generally start getting involved in sexual intercourse happens at a young age anywhere from 12 18, at this time they are more prone to sexual diseases, teen pregnancy, and emotional anxiety due to lack of maturation and responsiblity. while this can occur at any age or time, this is the time where it all starts and leaves the most emotional damage. if any of you have seen the show '13 reasons why', try to imagine the scene were the girl tries to share a special momment with her 'first kiss' but then gets sexually assulted by the dude which was a part of her suicide. those that want to wait to experience those moments in life generally are happier people that have thriving marriages. they raise their kids well and children almost always follow their parents footsteps. think of the negative aspect of this domino effect. many girls that get pregnant at teenage years have a ripple effect on the child and the same thing happens to that kid. kids obviously will disobey their parents but the numbers prove that if their parents make certain choices their kids will follow i learned this in a college psychology class and im sure that you have known someone where this has happened. this is my personal belief now. these are not facts. i think sex is the ultimate and sacred symbol of unity. procreating or f cking whatever you want to call it is something you'd want to do with the person who'd never betray you or just ignore you after a one night stand. wheres the love? wheres the oh we have bills to pay, kids to raise, life to live if its all over once you orgasm? probably feels good then just empty bliss. absolutely not, not many people have that willpower, but is it correct?
do we want to live in a world where a few handful of billionaires control the information about our personal lives? some might say yes because they're nobodies, have nothing to hide, aren't doing anything wrong, etc. and they're wrong because; amp; x200b; a just because you have nothing to hide doesn't mean that other people don't either. b having something to hide isn't in accordance with doing something wrong. many people, especially minorities, that live in oppressive countries need to hide their identities from these corporations and subsequently from their government to be able to live. c you're empowering these billion dollar companies to control and manipulate you in any way they like based on their knowledge of you. we know this is the case with personalised search results and feeds as well as insurers overcharging patients based on the data collected by their medical tracking device. d such a collection of companies no longer let us participate in democracy but rule over us in a corporatocracy. amp; x200b; as some might consider, opting out of all technology is not a possibility in this day and age. amp; x200b;
as nations and individuals we really need to act quickly in order to limit the damage. i know saying 'should' can be the wrong word to use but i believe it would would show the candidate to be corrupt or ignorant if they don't address the issue. there are many issues that face us as a society, but climate change is the one most likely to threaten our core way of life if nothing is done. it is on the same level as the threat of global nuclear war, which rightfully received this kind of attention during the cold war when it was especially likely.
i think that religion is just a way for people to explain and cope with events such as death and natural disasters and to give their lives meaning as well as feel a part of something. the fact that some people truly believe in these religious scriptures and for the most part don't question them, prey to a god that they have no evidence even exists and adhere to strict religious guidelines is, in this day and age, a form of delusion. i don't pretend to know how the universe was created or try to explain it. that seems to be a unbearable concept for some people. please help me understand why this is such a widespread and accepted phenomenon. final thank you each and everyone that contributed to this discussion. this has been immensely helpful and mind expanding. my goal in making this post was to grow and challenge my own stubborn views and you have all helped that happen. its so easy to cast judgements without truly understanding the origin of other peoples views.
and i don t just mean people from latin america, but all over the world; hell even europe. now, about our current issue which is the caravan: my parents are from baja california and i have family that lives in tijuana, i can tell you from what i ve heard from them and watched from mexican yt videos i ll leave a link below to my favorite channel that covers this that these refugees are not people that should be allowed in. they ve already screwed their chances by violently making their way through mexico. this is a really long and frustrating topic and i believe it s best if you just watch some of the videos from the yt channel link below. the majority of america is for medicare for all, marijuana legalization, strict gun laws, etc. immigration is in my opinion the main issue that is keeping us from beating the republicans, and i think we need to find a way to meet in the middle. we constantly compare ourselves to europe and how they are succeeding with their liberal politics, downside their crime rate has been going up ever since they ve been allowing in more refugees and immigrants from countries that aren t developed. i mean after all, the issues in these countries will never be solved if their people keep running away! so, i want to see if any of you can change my view or more like stance on this topic. please don t be biased or comment based on your emotions. link: btw the channel above has videos in english and spanish.
hello! i would gladly agree with that, but i cannot find satisfying information in this regard, i mean reasons behind that decision. yet this sole argument doesn't sound that much convincing, because mental illnesses can cause other mental illnesses as well. also it's cured only by transitioning, but it doesn't mean there isn't a cure that is not yet discovered i guess? you're perceiving your body differently than people without it, it affects your life, relationships, causes lots of stress and behaviour changes. by comparing it with other 'differences that are not illness', like for example homosexuality, it is more devastating to yourself, often ends up never satisfied even after transition supposedly because the effect of transition is never a 100 biological woman, since with current technology it's impossible too dangerous? to change genes and shit like that , in some cases happens to be some other kind of problem e. g. just having a 'permission' to show your opposite gender side happens to be enough . i can feel i'm missing something or that i understand something incorrectly, but so far i did not manage to pin point what's the fault of that reasoning. i know the subject is pretty tough, but please, change my view. not native, sorry for inaccuracies
i want to start out by saying i'm not opposed to voting for a democrat. i wrote in bernie sanders name in 2016 because he aligned with a lot of my views, however, one thing especially at a national level i cannot stand is democrats views and general ignorance on guns. part of my issue stands in the fact that i really appreciate the constitution, i especially appreciate the second amendment. i believe that of all the rights we have as human beings the pre eminent one is the right to self defense. a bunch of colonists taking on the greatest military superpower of the time, it's a miracle america won. i also am a gun owner myself as well as my family. i live in a rural area where police presence is limited and when i'm sitting outside my rural house it scares me that help could be so far away. moreover, my father taught me to respect firearms to treat them as they were always loaded, to know my target and what's beyond, to never point a firearm at anything i'm not willing to shoot, to lock up my guns, and to keep my finger off the trigger and the trigger guard. i grew up in a not so gun centric house but i learned about them. as an adult, in modern politics, i see politicians mainly democrats trying to restrict the second amendment. which is all well and good except when i hear gun control advocates say 'bullet' rather than 'cartridge' or 'clip rather than 'magazine' so much of the gun control debate and policy is measured on the mechanics of firearms. i don't believe that democrats need to be an expert in firearms in order to have a say in the gun control debate, but i want my politicians who want to regulate my second amendment rights to understand the distinction between a semi automatic and an automatic weapon. i want them to understand that an automatic weapon fires as long as you hold the trigger down or until you run out of ammunition and a semi automatic weapons fire one round per trigger pull. i want them to understand that automatic weapons are extremely regulated and require a special federal license to acquire. i want them to understand that the ar in ar 15 doesn't stand for assault rifle and referring to it as that is disingenuous and appeal to emotional appeal. i want them to understand that 'silencers' suppressors don't make guns super quiet like in the movies. gunfire is very audible with a suppressor and saying otherwise is again disingenuous. the gun show loophole is another thing that bothers me, mostly because if you purchase a firearm from someone with a ffl regardless of location you must have a background check. now that we ve come to the midterm elections i ve been listening to the democratic candidates talk about gun control in the wake of parkland and las vegas.
thus, 3 3 0. 9999 repeating. 0. 9999 repeating 1. cmv: someone un fuck my brain and show me that three thirds added together equals one. i have to add more sentences here because i have not reached the threshold limit of characters. perhaps reddit does not realize that mathematics is a relatively low character field. ok, i think i'm there. cmv?
the subject of drug usage can sometimes be a somewhat taboo subject. some people are very conservative about this and others are not. why? well when any society attempts to control the consumption of any substance by banning it, we get black markets. that is essentially all strict drug laws do, they create a black market. that black market fuels organised crime and demonises certain persons from society. my second reason, is that if you legalise certain drugs people are consuming anyway you remove the taboo of them seeking help if they become addicted. as it currently stands there is help for those who want to quit smoking tobacco or quit consuming alcohol. these drugs are arguably far worse than most other substances available on the black market. my last reason is i fully believe that a lot of people can take other substances responsibly, in the same way one consumes alcohol. not every user is an addict. i think we need to stop demonising people for wanting to let off some steam by taking a substance that allows them to make their lives that bit more bearable. i welcome any counter arguments here, in which may change my view.
let me say at the outset that what louis c. k. did was wrong and morally reprehensible for a variety of reasons. this post is in no way a defense of what he did; it is, however, trying to put it into perspective of other forms of abuse. i understand this opinion is a unpopular one, but am truly looking for people to cmv in this post, and explain to me their viewpoints. i want an honest discussion about a very sensitive issue. i also want to say that i am a man, but my family has been affected by sexual abuse. at the end of the day, while i believe louis c. k. should be punished in the court of public opinion, i do not believe that punishment should include a lifetime ban from entertainment the same way i feel it should for people like kevin spacey, bill cosby, and harvey weinstein, for the following reasons: 1 degree of the accusations: i believe that 'bad things' have degrees. unwanted exposure and lewd questions are horrible and deserve consequences; but physically violating someone through physical contact is far worse. i don't believe it is fair to equate louis exposing himself to someone physically violating another person's own body, as was the case with cosby, spacey, and weinstein. i think that the physical violation of another person's body is one of the most vile acts human beings can do to another person, but that is not what louis c. k. did. of the 3 instances reported in the nyt article, none of them involved physical contact. there is one anecdote about louis possibly shoving a women into a bathroom , but as of now we don t know if this actually happened nor the circumstances involved. no woman has come forward to directly accuse louis of this. 2 a reasonable explanation: in his response to the ny times article, i am sympathetic to c. k. 's claims that he did not fully understand how much power he wielded over these individuals because of his celebrity. to his cr, in every one of these instances, c. k. did ask before committing these acts. these instances seemed to happen at the time when his career was first starting to really flourish. i take him for his word when he said he didn t understand how, in his newly found celebrity, asking wasn t really asking. that is in no way an excuse for what c. k. did because his behavior was still wildly inappropriate, but i am still somewhat sympathetic to his explanation, which leads into my third point 3 lack of predatory nature: louis c. k. made bad judgments, but his behavior does not seem predatory to me the same way cosby's, spacey's, and weinstein s were. he never threatened to ruin a woman's career for not allowing him to expose himself in front of them, and based on the information we currently have, it seems as if this behavior stopped at some point. now, it is alleged that c. k. s agent david becky may have made vague threats on louis' behalf to the women who accused him, but i don't think that is enough to put that blame on louis. it is possible becky was acting without c. k. s knowledge. furthermore, when the ny times article was published, i found louis c. k. 's response to be a no bs acknowledgement of both the accusations and the hurt he caused. i think we have to give c. k. crfor that. 5 a learning moment: undoubtedly, the importance of metoo is that it finally gives victims of sexual assault a voice. but perhaps also we should hear from truly contrite men who have behaved inappropriately in the past to understand their reasoning and learn from their thoughts and regrets. i don t believe we should give predatory monsters like cosby, spacey, and weinstein a voice to explain their actions. it may be too soon for c. k. to make a comeback , but i think some day he should be allowed to.
honestly i am not too sure how big of a problem piracy is nowadays, but i still see companies governments coming up with new ideas to combat it. like filtering uploading content, forcing gamers to stay online at all times, etc. despite those efforts a quick glance on piratebay shows us: pretty much everything is available. that money then gets distributed to public tv radio but also private stations proportionally to the consumption of those stations. along those lines this 'content fee' would also get introduced, just that its not a yearly fee, but a device bound tax fee. like the share microsoft gets when someone buys a laptop on which windows 10 is installed. when buying a new iphone you would pay number totally made up 10 of the price additionally, but then you gain access to any distribution service, that provides licensed products. spotify, netflix, photoshop, website of your local garage band, download harry potter e book. com, watch hollywood movies. com, you name it. some independent, publicly funded group then controls the numbers and then distributes the money gained from the tax or fee proportionally. i think netflix and co have proved that money isnt the main issue when pirating, but convenience. so if you have everything available when buying a laptop, then no one would even bother to seed a torrent simply because there is no demand. and by buying a laptop you also payed for the series you will be watching. also netflix proved that its possible to prevent dns or proxy servers from working. this means its possible to block non participating countries out. content that is free anyway, like youtube videos would get nothing of this fee, since ads would still be a thing. also merchandising of any form is left out. this means if you want a blu ray you also still pay for the physical copy. i am aware that bots would be a problem and that implementation would be tricky, but those seem manageable details if the industries and authorities really commit to this idea. maybe not, no clue about the technical difficulties would love to hear some stances about this idea. so, what did i miss and why is this idea shitty?
the owners of the cars never consented to having pieces of paper be left on their property. don't just leave it on their car. yes. but that's the business owner's problem. 'but think of the small businesses' will not change my view.
since different religions hold different beliefs, and none are more valid than others, their opinions are essentially meaningless in a political setting. if anyone can change my mind on the issue, i ll be happy to listen
i am a straight white male. for many, this means that i am not only in a position of privilege in relation to several other groups, but also that i hurt the interests of those groups by unconsciously exhibiting certain views and behaviors. for the sake of the argument, lets grant all of that. let's also assume that everyone is equal, regardless of sex, genetic background etc. and the only source of outcome variation is historical injustice and various structures and ideologies that support oppression. even if all of the above is true, there is no reason for me to actively seek to empower groups that i don't belong to. power is relative, so every bit of power that women, immigrants, minorities etc. gain, i lose. in fact, all of these groups have a proven record of actively trying to take my power away. not only that, but some of them openly declare so just enter the term 'white men' into google news. women's rights are a good example of this. 99. 93 of humans are born biologically male or female. that makes me concerned, because again, i want to be in a position of power, no matter what. perhaps men have oppressed women, that doesn't concern me. what concerns me is that we're not oppressing them now. even if we, just for the sake of the argument, assume that women are superior to men in some significant way, it would only make oppressing them all the more necessary. based on this reasoning, i support all political action that hurts the groups that i don't belong to. this has led me to having political positions that would be seen as extremely disagreeable by the absolute majority of westerners at least that's what i'm assuming . and i should probably emphasize here that this is not an ideological choice. more power is better than less no matter what. even if i was benevolent, i would still rather be benevolent from a position of power. now here you might say 'hey, this power stuff is weird, who thinks like that? ' and perhaps you're right. however, i have only about 80 years to live and i intend to extract maximum utility out of those 80 years. every millimeter matters. that's not to say that i go out there and engage in some kind of violent activism i still gain much more by just working towards my goals on my own. still, that doesn't stop me from feeling a little bit of joy every time i hear a complaint about women's reproductive rights or how the police in the us apparently hate black people.
i recently stumbled across the idea of progressive traffic fines, which work in a way similar to progressive taxes. i came to agree with the notion, though i've found few arguments to the contrary. c a progressive traffic fine based on the income of the violator would punish violators more equally, and thus be more just. i am willing to entertain other ideas about this, and change my view where merited!
at least initially. there is a time in everyone s life where they may be offered the opportunity to engage in excess drinking, smoking, etc. you choose to either take or not take the pill. you choose to either inject the needle or not inject that needle. you choose to drink that alcohol.
off the top of my head, here are a few examples. girls tend to outperform boys in school. males are much more likely to be victims of violence. male parental rights are significantly less. many sharehouse rental accommodation is female only. there are female only scholarships and grants.
amazon is rich as fuck and it won't be long until they're the largest retailer in the world. they're currently 3rd behind walmart and cvs. their purchase of whole foods shows they're interested in expanding into new markets. they're also not ignorant to the world of gaming, having purchased twitch in 2014. you can find lots of complaints online about operations administration at twitch but they have undoubtedly expanded its audience in the last 4 years, and i think the amazon higher ups view it as a financial success. it certainly seems like a more reliable way to make money. making games is financially risky. but it could also be super rewarding: see pubg and fortnite . nobody really knows, but googling shows that valve is maybe worth about 5bil. that's not an unreasonable purchase price for amazon, having previously spent 1bil for twitch, and 14bil for whole foods. you can also find a few reports online from various ex employees that describe valve as kind of stagnant. they say it's lost the innovation and motivation it used to have. some even point to gabe newell specifically and say he's no longer motivated, and spends most of his days just playing dota. this implies that he could be receptive to buyout offers.
let me start by explaining what i mean when i say judge in this context. i am a father of a 5 year old girl and as anyone who's spent a lot of time with babies and young children, i want to help guide her through life and give her the tools to interpret the world around her. when we see a child behaving very poorly in public there are times when i choose to speak with her about what's happening. at the onset of this moment, when we are going to voice our thoughts about the behavior of others, whether it's my daughter and i, you by yourself in your head, or anyone in really any circumstance, we are entering a judgmental space by it's literal definition. any way to frame, or speak about some else's actions requires judgments to be made. our society has made the word 'judgmental' have strong negative connotations, and i believe people are uncomfortable with using others as teaching opportunities for fear of being 'judgmental' here's an example of what i'm talking about. daughter and i see a child screaming in the market, jumping up and down creating a massive scene, hitting their parent ect i'll ask my daughter 'why do you think they're being so terrible' i insert the view i'm teaching, that the behavior is terrible, so judgment is made but begin a dialogue. normally she'll say 'they're mad' or something like that, and we'll talk about things that make us mad, what might have this other child mad, i'll say something like 'i get mad, you get mad, everyone get's mad sometimes, it's ok to be mad but that's not how we act when we're mad right? ' i believe we should be creating a template for judgment to exist, where it's where the person's identity isn't attacked, but their behavior and actions content of their character are understood and discussed. the person who could change my view would do so by showing me how this style of parenting causes more harm than good and i shouldn't have a conversation with my daughter making judgments about the misbehaving child. after reading lots of really amazing responses i have learned a few things. firstly that framing things this way with some of the specific language could be bad for my daughter because when she steps out of line, she inserts herself as the 'terrible' child, or that she is doing 'terrible things', which may be true by whatever definition we have for terrible, it can damage self esteem and doesn't promote healthy learning. 2ndly there is a problem with syntax and semantics with the term judgment, and while none of those arguments swayed me, they are still very much relevant. lastly, it's friday afternoon, and i'm going home. be well.
however, i just can't shake the feeling that it doesn't really do anything. my singular vote doesn't mean anything. the electoral college and what my state is held by matters. like, i'm in texas so my vote for beto isn't gonna matter because my district is so gerrymandered that my liberal section of the state is partioned out with smaller, conservative west texas. i have voted democrat in every past election and it doesn't matter because the state is held by republicans. i'm not here to debate republican vs democrat by the way. cmv.
i'm no expert on american politics, and i live in new zealand, so i'm pretty far removed from everything that is going on. but it appears to me that people who identify with 'the left' have demonised trump i think rightly based primarily on his seemingly poor work ethic, and his tendency to speak out of turn or at unnecessary targets. trump is flawed, yes, but i think any elected official is going to be his views are no more obscene than those held by any number of politicians around the world. it's the way trump vocalises them that is a problem.
i would first note that i'm specifically talking about the mainstream dialogue, not the radicals on either end of the perspective. also, i am apolitical partially due to my career and do not favor either party or vote. i've noticed as several recent pieces of literature state the right wing is the source of political division as if it is axiomatic. i'm not talking about low hanging fruit types huffpo, salon, etc but legitimate academic works including straight talk on trade by dani rodrik president of political economy harvard and a world in disarray by richard haass president of the council on foreign relations . that said, historically, it's very clear that the right has been the perpetrator of division on race and every other aspect. but lately, it sure seems that the liberal wing is resorting to identity politics on the level of the early 20th century. there is division between urban and rural that smells like the pre holodomor period in ukraine, white supremacy living in the ether like alleged schemes of jewry in the northern european plain, and an attack on religious attitudes that resembles the ideas that led up to the early 1900's christian armenian genocide in turkey. i'm not positing that we're on the brink of a catastrophe. it can't be quantified necessarily, but it's definitely there: paul ryan has identified as such. change my view. i would also add that from my experience on reddit only been here for about a month , the left wing is brutal to the point of downvoting moderate ideas that exist in law today, or the current state of the economy, such as employment figures. as someone who pays attention to political polling, i'm aware that this isn't the state of the country at large.
so there's some nuance to my beliefs here. if someone is caught outside without clothing then there shouldn't be any sort of repercussions or fines that affect them for being naked outdoors. in public transportation, like on buses or trains, we shouldn't have public nudity because of the issue of transference of germs between people because of contact on the seats. this change would be primarily for two purposes: first 1 to get rid of the laws and fines that are placed on people for being naked. given certain circumstances these sorts of laws can be detrimental towards people, and punishes them for simply being in their most natural state. and 2 to allow people the freedom to express their bodies publicly how they wish to without fear of punishment by the law. simple rules like 'no shirts, no shoes, no service' would still be applicable towards those facilities that choose to enact them. for those who don't know, in spain nudity is legal minus a few regions like in barcelona. this doesn't mean that public nudity is acceptable everywhere, there's a lot of places where nudity is gonna be looked down on, such as in the middle of a town. but it's still legalized and the country itself has a lot of options for interested people like nudists. last thing to cover is probably going to be religious and moral beliefs that are going to possibly be affected by this. to which my best argument that i can come up with is the rule of freedom of expression. in the united states at least, this is part of one of the biggest rights we have: freedom of speech. i don't think we should be limiting our expression by enacting certain laws with how we present our bodies, even if that presentation means no clothing at all. so there's my case, let's see yours. i'd love for you guys to tear into it! let's discuss this topic.
to paraphrase rick santorum: 'first it will be man on man, then man on child, then man on dog'. i believe this is happening right now. to back the 'man on dog' part, check this interview with a zoophile, who raped a dolphin, about the movie shape of water us 5aa17482e4b0e9381c169b7a . if you didn't know, the shape of water is an academy award winning film that depicts a romance between a woman and an aquatic monster. the film represents the romance in a positive light and the main villains are the people trying to stop it. notice the tone of the article. the interviewer is quite sympathetic towards a man who fucked a dolphin, they're asking questions like 'do you see this movie as a step toward acceptance at all? ' , as if this man is somehow oppressed by society's opposition to zoophilia. it's sickening. and here's the result of such propaganda: women are now buying dildoes shaped like the monsters penis.  this, i found through my research, is nothing new as a dragon shaped dildo is already a bestseller. that is just the bestiality portion of it, and it happened a lot sooner than we all expected. now, this point requires no sourcing on my part because it's simply everywhere. transgenderism has entered the mainstream. from movies like the danish girl to whole campaigns pushed by youtube and google. in a short year, it seems, it has become a hot button issue and everyone who has a different opinion is now completely shunned. there is no debate any longer about whether or not gender dysphoria is a mental disorder. none. if you say that it is you're labeled a bigot and shut down. my opinion on transgenderism isn't relevant here because i'm talking about the slippery slope argument and not if it's morally right or wrong, so jot that down. i fully believe it's only a matter of time until pedophilia enters the forum as a topic worth discussing and then we're all screwed. i've already seen a few documentaries shedding a sympathetic light on pedophiles and a lot more threads about it here on reddit and other social media in fact, there's one pedophilia related thread here on cmv as i'm writing this . cmv
please keep in mind that i would like to avoid making this thread a debate on the 'bell curves' accuracy as i was only using that as an example of what i'm talking about.
i'm from a very 'white' country and besides stuff that i read online i have very little inside view on racial tensions in the usa. this is just something i've been thinking about and i'm wondering whether someone shares my views or has a solid argument against it. i don't think the term itself is correct and it changes the focus of the discussion. i really don't think that there's any doubt, that it's true. white people don't need to be afraid of contact with the police force, receive better treatment from justice system, etc. he's treated better than he should be. i think it's an important distinction that impacts discussion about systemic racism and racism in general. i think it's much more difficult to have a constructive conversation, when you tell someone who is simply treated the way everyone should be that he's privileged. i'm not surprised it doesn't sound good to some people and they react with hostility. it also switches focus from underprivileged groups. we shouldn't discuss what to do with white privilege, but how to get other races to the same level.
i'm not sure if this goes against the intent behind this subreddit mods feel free to delete , but i oppose this view to a large extent. however, i cannot seem to articulate arguments against it. i was discussing the uber vs taxi topic with my friend, specifically about what recently happened in barcelona. i argued that it's a complex issue, but the way the taxi drivers behaved is unacceptable and completely counterproductive to their goals. my friend took a more personal slant, saying that taxi drivers often play weird music and their cars smell weird which is unacceptable because he's paying for a service and expects it to be of a certain standard. essentially, i believe that's entitlement working under the guise of some sort of business transaction that dehumanises the service.
this is a policy idea i've been kicking around in my head a bit. the reasons for this are: 1. 2. it would substantially aid people in college and homeschool students who currently have to pay for their own books. 3. it would produce a large volume of public domain works people could spin off from to produce their own versions if they wanted without having to worry about copyright.
nothing s more annoying than getting your foot run over by someone in a wheelchair. with the crowded nature of many public places, such as amusement parks and stores, there isn t much room to maneuver. this means that it s harder for people in motorized transportation to avoid others. this can lead to injuries as a result of knocking someone over or running over their foot.
it was my assumption that this was a common belief among atheists; however, i ve come across a number who argue in favor of objective morality including matt dillahunty on the atheist experience show. a true follower of christ believes that killing someone is a sin, yet a large segment of the pro death penalty population is conservative christians. in this case, christians are caveating their stance against murder with their pro death penalty views.
i know you guys get this a lot, but i really don't want to think this way. i want to be able to whole heartedly believe in racial equality. the most convincing evidence for the 'herarian' i've seen is admixture studies. biracial individuals tend to have higher scores than monoracial africans but lower iq scores than white folks. the adoption studies are also very convincing. just thinking logically, why would we expect that evolution stopped at the neck? i know people love to bring up mali, nubia, great zimbabwe, or the swahili city states; honestly, i don't know how anyone could seriously believe that these civilizations were as advanced as those in europe, asia, or even mesoamerica. why didn't major empires or nation states develop in equatorial or southern africa? overall, i haven't seen convincing evidence supporting a purely environmental explanation of racial differences in iq. thanks.
small background: argued this point in another post, but the discussion was pretty cancerous and got nowhere, so i won't bother linking it; but feel free to look it up in my post history if interested the big comments, basically . i am very interested in legitimate counter arguments, so i posted this here. words have definitions, and are used to describe the world in useful ways. definitions cannot be proven wrong because they are axiomatic: they change overtime when a new definition for word x is better , not when the old definition is 'wrong'. this is not a good argument, as i see it. it's the rhetorical equivalent of 'it's wrong because it's not right', when the debate isn't about right or wrong, but more vs less useful, and definitions are never estabilished fact they change along time, locale, context, even between dictionaries . also: reminder that gender is, in pragmatic terms, gender identity expression, independent from sex. and for those unaware, 'trans woman' means male to female transgender, vice versa for trans men. just to avoid potential confusion. onto the real point: why is my definition more useful? as you can probably deduce from the title, the proposed 'change' has a lot to do with trans people. let's take a cis male attracted to cis and trans women. under the old definition, he is bisexual. however, why should he ever label himself as such? since he doesn't like men, cis or trans, he is not interested in showing availability to them: by labeling himself as bisexual, he is opening himself to that dating market, which he does not want to do. trans women generally view themselves as women, so they wouldn't show more interest towards a man who showed availability to other men; that is irrelevant to her. let's take another example: a cis male attracted to only cis women, 'straight' on the old definition: the change makes absolutely no difference. a potential counterargument is that he doesn't want to be open to dating trans women, but he can reject them, just as he would any other woman he doesn't like. an obvious counter argument to this counter argument, is that under the old definition, i could similarly say he is opening himself to trans men like buck angel someone a straight man is most likely not attracted to, so the argument is self defeating. deltas to whoever makes me rethink anything about this
the organs you re buried with serve no functional purpose to you, but potentially have the power to save countless lives. even in the times where secularism appears to be on the incline, i accept that there still needs to be exceptions for people of faith. in that past people have stated to me that we can will a house, will money or other assets so why no choice with organs? for me it s because you worked your whole life to build up a decent pension, house, cars, cash etc and these things can be direct benefit to your loved ones when you pass on. organs are different. i know it the modern day that any sign of losing your right to choose anything is seen as a negative, i have a hard time finding any reasons for the government not to legislate this.
they are blustering, buffoonish, dishonest, folks who are still salty about the fall of their great empire. even their nuclear bombs aren't a advandtage as we have more of them, and in much better quality. poland on its own could probbably handle the russian mlitary, i mean, the ukraine has not been defeated yet which really puts into perspective the weakness of the russian military. europe on its own outmatches russia like a rhinoceros outmatches a goat. even if russia could somehow invade, they would have no chance of occupying for very long. you need an insane number of soldiers to hold down an area with a population of 500 million people, even if most of the population does not participate in a likely insurrgency. russia required 150 soldiers for every 1000 people in chechenya which has a population of 1. 3 million people. they can barely hold onto chechenya much less the small piece of the ukraine they stole, how can they hold on to europe? russia sees europe as customers for their oil barons, not as a target that must be enslaved or exterminated. russia is an economic bully using military threats to scare the people they are trying to sell to.
gun crime in places like chicago has been horrible for years, nobody talks about it parkland happens, and all of a sudden there is a national movement bc it affected middle upper middle class white kids this is a controlled narrative based on fear, which is silly considering the extreme rarity of such an event compared to south side chicago guns have been around for hundreds of years, and were much more easily accessible 60 years ago and this wasn t an issue unfortunately the rise of social media mental illness is the common denominator here social media and the internet can exacerbate kids who feel isolated and struggle with whatever mental illness because they are vulnerable and start believing crazy rhetoric in the dark corners of the internet it s the same exact concept at isis while making guns much less accessible will probably help, it in no way will solve the issue, it s more of a band aid if you have a counter argument please try and change my min
it's more or less based on revenge. locking away someone for life will also have the desired effect of that person not doing any further harm. there have been instances, albeit very rare, where someone innocent has been wrongfully executed. this is unacceptable and goes against the what the justice system stands for. further, no one should have the power to determine who gets to live or die. by wanting the death of someone we are not much better than the accused.
this belief dives into many parts of my life so i'll go through each. to me, working makes us slaves. people are forced to get jobs just to survive. everyday feels like a fight for my life. i feel as though if people were told that they could have food, water, a house, car and education for free, then we would have no worries to just do what we wanted to do with our lives. personally, if i could just spend my days carving wood, writing a book, or anything leisurely by myself, i would do it. don't confuse that sentence with 'i want to make a business out of those things i love' because i don't. if someone told me i could carve wood as my job, i'd be upset because then it loses the leisure. that once leisurely activity then becomes a means of my survival, the root of my fight or flight response, my anxiety and i don't want that. it's become clear that many are focusing on the 'needing some work for fulfillment' and the 'liesure leading to depression' answers. so i feel the need to expand my post to include that i'm more referring to working to survive. generally, i'm a busy body but working to survive is awful. maybe the cmv is actually 'the need for money survival prevents me from living a fulfilling life'. some have confused my desire to live a life without a need for survival as a desire to have anyone else help me survive and in that you'd be wrong. a stress free life for every person without a need for them to survive. ideally currently unrealistic , people just would survive. i don't know how i'm sure we're hundreds of years away from this solution and it would take more than just me to figure it out but it's beside the point. some believe that i think that things are just going to appear but throughout, i've only referenced resources necessary for survival. just a world where your basic needs are met. that doesn't mean tv, or movies, or anything that you don't absolutely need. those other things are wants not needs. so if you wanted something, of course you'd work for it. but if you needed something, that's different.
i ve been seeing it more and more lately. people using fewer instead of less or people using are to refer to groups instead of is . i m not an english major. i haven t even taken more english classes than the average person. so please don t mistake this as an english major trying to strut their stuff and feel superior. i understand that it s just the internet and people have argued that proper use only really matters if you are writing a paper or an email to a boss or a colleague. but over a long enough period of time, improper usage of basic skills leads to the proper usage becoming forgotten. right? now if i m just being overly picky about these i m more than happy to hear why. just be nice about it.
i m willing to hear other opinions on ancient egypt but the more i research it, the more it seems that there s a concerted effort to suppress any black african origins to kemet. afterwards chronic instability followed with the splitting of upper and lower egypt. then the invasions from the assyrians, persians, greeks and romans. and finally the arabs in the 7th century. this seems to be the period where egypt could ve become mongrelized as several nations attempted to conquer the region. this means travelers would ve also been attracted to the region. whether invading soldiers or merchants, teachers, artists, doctors, tradesmen, philosophers, slaves, prostitutes, whatever. i m having a hard time buying that afrocentrists are misguided when king tut s family clearly looks african. some of the older pharoahs from the earlier dynasties clearly look african. the sphinx clearly looks african. it doesn t make sense for an arab middle eastern population to leave statues with negroid features.
what's the point of that? i'm guessing it's a punishment for two reasons: a in similar fashion, some groups have said the oscar should be taken off kobe bryant and b is the red hot chili pepper's music misogynist in any way? why should we care about the personal affairs of these people? here's a link to the story
thought i'd take this stance for a certain someone i mean i think it could happen it's certainly a profound opinion. the lives lost to suicidal gays will be worth it in the grand scheme. it's only a matter of time before everyone goes gay. cmv
if you disagree with those subjects as examples, simply replace them with other core classes . also, i m talking about a true approach to the topic throughout all most years of public school like how the other core subjects are taught. i m not talking about teaching kids a few basic social skills. productivity, stability, cooperation, families and relationships are all greatly dependent on having a healthy understanding of one's own emotions and an understanding of how emotions work in others and how chemicals in the brain affect those things . this makes very little sense to anyone even remotely educated on subjects of mental health and happiness because it's obvious that the students who are most in need of education on mental health are the students who aren't getting a proper emotional connection upbringing from their parents to begin with. those parents are unlikely to have much knowledge on the subject to begin with, either. obviously, as with any change of such a large scale, the transition would be very difficult and there would be generational gaps that would be a challenge to overcome. this is a change that would likely take decades to fully implement and structure, but it should be done and would be worth it. and teaching the foundations of that science to students as they live with emotional responses as a constant and resonating force in their own minds and as they interact with others in any all situation s could very likely improve productivity and senses of fulfillment and belonging for millions of people and generations to come. i should also note that saying 'math and english' was not specific. i was just bringing up two random subjects taught in base curriculums. interchange them with other core classes if you disagree with those choices it's not really relevant to the opinion itself. psychiatry is only one small aspect of mental health.
i often find on the internet and in real life that people believe any person to disagree with being gay due to their religious beliefs is ignorant or a homophobe. it's so often in the media that some religious person such as the owner of chick fil a will come under fire for being a homophobe yet even he was simply telling his beliefs. it says many times in the bible that a man shall not lay with another man. for someone to read these words and to take them to heart makes them a bigot? if someone is religious but they also hate gay people then they are homophobic. however if someone disagrees with homosexuality but treats anyone as their neighbor and loves them regardless as the bible and quran and torah say then they are just people who hold a belief. if it's a sin to be gay then it's possible not to be gay. i'd also like to say that this is not my beliefs at all i'm an atheist but i have a lot of experience with religion in my family.
from invention creation on patents to multi million dollar lawsuits against medical companies, it seems to me that those who want to change our nation, often for the better, have to worry an unreasonable amount about the legal implications of their desires. from wanting to cure people the best you can, or in a way more similar to eastern medicine, to wanting to improve technology it seems there is often a law that restricts or regulates a person's ability to really get as far as they otherwise could. secondly i believe the desire to go to court over so many things creates an amount of hostility and fear in others. it limits many of our amendments, because you can sue someone over nearly anything we become afraid to say and do things we have every right to do. yet, the better lawyer often wins, not the actual person in the right, or in the wrong. i'm not saying we should dump lawyers as a profession, or litigation as a means of correcting a wrong. i am saying that billboard signs suggesting you take something to court is over the top, and measures should be taken to make this society more responsible and interactive. certainly some good arguments for having our court system and litigation as a means of compensation, protection, etc still searching for the point that would make america seem balanced in this aspect, though. u oneshomeisonescastle has brought up a very good point that there is no real way to go about changing how things are, i offer nothing in the way of 'fixing' the issue i bring up, and because of my general lack of experience on the topic, any fixes i'd suggest would likely break the system more i. e. people would have less access to legal services when it would be much better if they need them i don't entirely concede my original point, but somewhat digress there's nothing better i can offer.
my wife f25 and i m27 got married young. i was 21 and she was 19. i didn t have any engrained habits that needed to be reconciled with another person. i don t have a certain way that i load the dishwasher, budget my money, fold towels, soap preference, side of the bed i sleep on, etc. small things aren t an issue because we both came up with them together. 2. we developed as adults together so we formed to complement each other. i often joke that we are a one hermaphroditic blog with one mind because we have similar stances on issues. we don t have irreconcilable differences because we didn t have any engrained stances. no rvsd debates in on our house! i also always had someone to call me out on my youthful bullshit still do! 3. being married doesn t mean that i can t developer as healthy a individual. we have separate hobbies interests, viewpoints and tastes. there are plenty of things we can do separately. 4. also, i don t have the fomo fear of missing out about sowing my wild oats because i have an automatic sex buddy! 5. it s a better financial situation for broke young kids. now i m finishing up engineering degree and i have a sugar mama ; we also got tax breaks from an early age. there are more write offs for both being students at some point and there s a tax break for being married. there are many more minute points but the main ones are 1, 2 and 5. i think couples who get married young have a greater potential to do great.
hopefully this isn't too common a topic on cmv; the last post to put it this way was 2 years ago and more recent ones were more narrowly defined and are nearly a year old themselves . it had a great run it's the oldest constitution in continuous use, but most modern constitutions are written to be updated more frequently and actually are. ours is only really updated by supreme court decisions, with only 2 amendments being ratified in the last 50 years one of which was first proposed in 1789! til . the founders could not have imagined the world we live in today or its challenges, and the document is written as such. flawed solutions like the electoral college were created to solve problems of the 18th century that are irrelevant in the 21st. the founding fathers saw tyrannical government as the biggest threats to the rights of individuals, and wrote the constitution to protect those rights. that was logical in their day, but that is not the threat that those of us in modern democracies face. tyrannical companies taking from an article that's currently on the front page are the primary threat to individual rights and freedoms, and our government and constitution is not equipped to deal with that threat. i'm sure i'll get into more specific critiques in the comments, but that buildup of history and precedent makes justice incredibly difficult to come by in many instances and needs revision. if you haven't, i'd urge you to read the text. it takes like 20 minutes for the main text; probably 40 60 with amendments and is available everywhere. one of the main arguments that will likely be raised that will not change my view is the political will difficulty argument. i know it would be hard or impossible to make happen, especially given current politics.
my first point is that the constitution says life,liberty and the pursuit of happiness is guaranteed. if a tree is considered a living thing then why do abortion supporters say a fetus is not alive ? roe v. wade was a decision made from bad judgement by the court which completely ignored the constitution. abortion is premated murder. the courts should recognize this. some abortion advocates say that banning abortion would lead to people doing back alley abortions. so what ? they are putting themselves at risk to commit this horrible act. just because criminals do not like the law does not mean we should accommodate for them. it is like saying murder should be legalized because people will kill. another argument that pro abortion advocates say is that cost will increase. the solution is to get rid of socialist policies. then only the parents will be responsible for the cost of the child. some argue the government should pay for birth control. i think this is silly. the best form of birth control is abstinence. the government should not pay for people because they lack self control or only think about the immediate consequences. tax payer money should never fund birth control. birth control is unnecessary when one practices abstinence. if they want birth control they should pay for it.
i think it's absurd that it's done and it's not equal opportunity. people say by doing this that you're benefiting white people but i'm not sure how that's true. the argument can be made on financial assistance with how much money they're are assisted with based on race, however that should be determined after the applicant is accepted.
i know this can have a lot of exceptions. please don't make your arguments about pointing out 2 or 3 exceptions that are technically true. i'll list a few to save the trouble: a person with reckless spending or addiction gambling issues should not have this split. significant inheritances should not necessarily have this split the extremely rich or extremely poor should not necessarily have this split massive debts massive differences in work time lots of other exceptions but for most people, i think this split is the best method. money has an economic value. if you compare the salary of a strategic consulting manager and a veterinarian assistant, you're going to get 200k versus 40k or something crazy. but in a relationship, i don't think economic value should necessarily be considered, unless the difference in income is so vast that one person's income is literally chump change i. e. 500k vs 30k . in a relationship, especially that of a marriage, the 'most important value' is time and effort of the individual. person1 makes 80k after taxes; person2 makes 40k. person1 would input 40k into their joint account, while person2 inputs 20k. as a result, in real money, person1 is providing more. person2 is also providing 50 . caveat. please read this caveat. let's say for example i make 100k and my partner makes 20k. i put in 50k and keep 50k while she puts in 10k and keeps 10k. unfortunately, that means that i get to live it up and have a pretty damn good life whereas she has to keep both savings and expenses under 800 per month. so why this view? 1. 2. provides freedom to both people and rewards high earners in exchange for providing more this allows both parties to win. 3. this makes their life much more difficult and makes them less capable of affording more. 4. gifts are more meaningful in a fully shared money situation, gifts are important but also become difficult to justify. makes for a difficult situation. 5. use your own money. no problem! want to buy a ps4? no need to ask me, go for it! want to go out and treat 10 people out to drinks? go for it! not my money, not my problem. again this is basically the freedom argument. caveats i know there are exceptions to this rule. i'll try to list out as many as i can. and yes some of this repeats from the beginning of the post but i thought mentioning it twice makes it more likely for everyone to see it. here's a real life example. i make 80k and my girlfriend makes 30k post taxes. but neither of us works harder than the other. she makes 30k because she chose a career that's important for the world, but pays very very little. if we do a 75 75 split, then i end up keeping 20k per year. she gets 7. 5k. maximum retirement contribution is 5. 5k. so now i have 14. 5k left and she only has 2k. 2k for a whole year is nothing. she can barely afford anything for herself. i keep 20k, she gets 15k. now it's more even, now it's fairer. cmv
watch this video to get a basic understanding of this discussion amp; x200b; here is my brief response: 1. there's a reason for dominant and recessive traits in our dna. genetic traits develop as we evolve to survive in our specific ecosystem. superior traits in male adults physical strength, endurance, intelligence, skin tone, etc attract females they can't help but be attracted, they're coded this way because they have a higher chance of survival in that specific part of the earth. he chooses the equally genetically desirable female. 2. regarding aggressive behavior, adam misrepresents the traits of the dominant male. the meek rule the earth. listen to the world's most powerful people speak. the last thing they are is aggressive because it displays a weakness in their ability to control their own emotions. being kind also actually takes more balls than being an asshole, simply because we are socially conditioned to think 'asshole she will let me fuck her', and if you go against the grain to be a man of honor, you will encounter resistance, but reap huge rewards as your character is revealed. change my view!
this belief dives into many parts of my life so i'll go through each. to me, working makes us slaves. people are forced to get jobs just to survive. everyday feels like a fight for my life. i feel as though if people were told that they could have food, water, a house, car and education for free, then we would have no worries to just do what we wanted to do with our lives. personally, if i could just spend my days carving wood, writing a book, or anything leisurely by myself, i would do it. don't confuse that sentence with 'i want to make a business out of those things i love' because i don't. if someone told me i could carve wood as my job, i'd be upset because then it loses the leisure. that once leisurely activity then becomes a means of my survival, the root of my fight or flight response, my anxiety and i don't want that. it's become clear that many are focusing on the 'needing some work for fulfillment' and the 'liesure leading to depression' answers. so i feel the need to expand my post to include that i'm more referring to working to survive. generally, i'm a busy body but working to survive is awful. maybe the cmv is actually 'the need for money survival prevents me from living a fulfilling life'. some have confused my desire to live a life without a need for survival as a desire to have anyone else help me survive and in that you'd be wrong. a stress free life for every person without a need for them to survive. ideally currently unrealistic , people just would survive. i don't know how i'm sure we're hundreds of years away from this solution and it would take more than just me to figure it out but it's beside the point. some believe that i think that things are just going to appear but throughout, i've only referenced resources necessary for survival. just a world where your basic needs are met. that doesn't mean tv, or movies, or anything that you don't absolutely need. those other things are wants not needs. so if you wanted something, of course you'd work for it. but if you needed something, that's different.
a great example of this rush to judgement is chris hardwick, who was actually removed from his show at amc based on allegations from his ex girlfriend chloe dykstra. so now we have a woman coming forward nearly 40 years later to accuse a supreme court nominee of groping her while in high school. aside from the fact that the timing makes her political motivations interesting and aside from the fact that her story does seem credible and aside from the fact that she apparently isn't willing to testify about it which is perhaps the worst part amp; x200b; there is a reason most criminal charges have a statute of limitations. for someone in brett kavanaugh's position, how could he reasonably be expected to defend the allegations in a meaningful way, in a way where he can clear his name with certainty? where were you on this day 36 years ago? who were you with? do you have an alibi? there can be no physical evidence collected or pictures taken, or detailed police reports of the events. the accuracy of of the statements of potential witnesses of an incident evidence shows eyewitness testimony isn't as accurate as we thought, and it gets worse over time. christine ford doesn't even know for sure when the assault took place, but she thinks it was 1982. amp; x200b;
i think i maybe should've made this 'cmv: holdo should have done something to inspire all members of the resistance to trust in her and not come up with a plan of their own especially considering poe's history . ' poe obviously made some serious mistakes previously, but i believe that in regards to the chase and their plans, he and holdo were both right and wrong in some respects. i recently had a discussion with someone where they told me that they thought that he should have just trusted her and done as he was told, that all in the military should always follow their orders without question though i'm not trying to open another rabbit hole with that , and that the scene was meant to illustrate how men need to just shut up and listen to women. she may have had a plan and it may have worked and by that one could argue that she was right; i see this as a parallel to the jedi at large. i believe this ties in with luke's saying the jedi need to end and all of that to illustrate how even if one group may be in some way right, if they can't effectively communicate why they're right or something else to get people to trust in it enough to actually implement it, it's not going to succeed or produce the desired change or outcome regardless. like how much anakin was preached to about the evils of the dark side but was never communicated the realities of it well enough to successfully instill in him what it would take to get him to have not gone down that path. holdo failed as a leader by failing to instill the faith in her needed for her plan to work successfully. it's 100 fair for her to not have wanted to divulge specific details in an effort to safeguard the plan, but given what she thought of poe as a person i think it's completely fair to say that she definitely should have at least simply told him that she did have a plan and that she wasn't just going to let them all die without even trying to do anything, which is what she led them to believe was happening. she didn't even have a look of confidence when saying what she said to the crew, again that could have been intentional in an effort to keep the plan secret, but she should have said something more to, at least, poe. what good is a leader who knows exactly how to fix all our problems if they aren't actually a leader and can't get people to actually do the things to make those changes happen? poe was faced with a situation where he was basically told that they were just going to fly til they ran out of fuel and the enemies caught up and killed them, without even trying to do anything about it. he was given, so far as i perceived, no reason to support this order other than the fact that she was of superior rank. he made the call in his mind that since they were just going to let them all die that he would at least come up with a plan to try and do something about it, a plan which a black guy and an asian woman both also supported and helped to come up with but no one seems to talk about the black guy or asian woman who also didn't follow holdo and supported taking action on their own . this whole thing seems to be getting reduced to being about sex, or more specifically, the evils of white males and the patriarchy, and the fact that a black guy and asian woman also opposed holdo doesn't fit in with that notion very well. the other person also said how if he just would have followed his superior's order how the plan would have worked perfectly. one could, perhaps fairly, say that this wouldn't even be a factor or a point for me to make if he had followed orders, but i can also, i believe fairly, say that if finn and rose had followed orders and gotten the right person at the casino instead of deciding that they could make due with the option that presented itself as opposed to the one they were ordered to find that then poe's plan would have worked. really, both plans could have actually simultaneously worked. if finn and rose had gotten the right person and managed to covertly board the enemy ship and disable their shields, anyone not necessary for the fight could have escaped in the landing pods and just a few could have stayed back to try and destroy the enemy ship; in which case they would again already be facing death and if the battle started going south then they could have still simply flew lightspeed through it as holdo did on her own. i may be wrong but i think it's also fair to speculate that it would have taken fewer people in the ship for the battle than the number that died in the pods in the failed escape attempt. the last jedi, to me, was about how much more complicated these things are than any of us generally like to contend with. about the problems with the mindset of 'i'm right so you just need to shut up and do what i say because i'm right. ' they may damn well be right but that is certainly not an effective way to act because it will not inspire people to come to follow you. we must demand more of our leaders and we must be more sympathetic to and have more empathy for those we view as being in opposition to us, if not out of care for them out of care for actually advancing your own correctness instead of just ranting about how smart you are and how dumb everyone else is and how the world would be so much better if we just listened to you continuously because no matter how much you rant it doesn't cause the change you wish to see. yoda told luke that the best thing he may have to offer as a teaching are his mistakes, and from that he tells leia that no one is ever really gone. they can't give up on kylo, ben is still there. luke can't try to kill his nephew because of a dream he had and we can't declare people to be evil and delete them from our lives because they voted for trump. if we actually are so much smarter and want the world to be better then we need to be better and we need to do more and we need to care and work not just within the frame of how we feel things should be people should just follow orders and consider and work also based on how things actually are at the present moment consider your feeling that this person is wreckless and in your mind simply sexist and realize that they will probably not follow you if you don't do something more to get them to, regardless of whether that's something you should have to do or not . that is not, however, to say that we shouldn't also work to move things in the direction of how they should be. tldr some are acting like it's just an issue of sexism and i think that's an almost comically absurd i say almost because it's too troubling to really be funny for me, i thought the movie made such a beautiful statement that seeing it so severely oversimplified and misperceived damn near makes me sick oversimplification at best and to a degree just plain wrong.
the us controlled substances act of 1970 classified schedule 1 drugs as: the drug or other substance has a high potential for abuse. the drug or other substance has no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the united states. millions of people use them casually and lead normal, successful, productive lives. there is not a high potential for abuse. neither drug is lethal in any dose, and reports of death or serious injury directly related to either are extremely low. they are both very safe. the number of people who have had their lives ruined because of the legal penalties associated with this classification is enormous.
for instance, if you date someone just to make your ex jealous, you're clearly using and dehumanizing your partner. that example's pretty clearly wrong, but there are lots more that seem pretty innocent at first: if you're just dating around to find out what you like, aren't you just treating the other person as a means to an end? if you're dating someone casually because you just went through a tough breakup and feel like you deserve something light and fun, aren't you using that person as a substitute for a feeling? if you pick someone you wouldn't ordinarily date because you're sick of being single, are they just an emotional crutch? if you date someone in school you know will be moving away in a couple of years, are they anything more than a placeholder for a person? if you feel sorry for your nice single friend and go out with them to boost their self esteem, are you treating them as you would want to be treated? it seems to me that in each of these cases, you'd be guilty of using your partner. i can't think of any. a good rule of thumb might be: if your partner asks, 'why did you decide to go out with me? ' and you're reluctant to tell them the real reason, you're probably using them and you should probably break up with them. response 1: 'as long as it's between consenting adults, there's nothing wrong with it and we shouldn't judge them too harshly. ' consent is a necessary but not a sufficient condition for an action to be ethical. that is, for a relationship to be ethical, it must at a minimum be consensual, but it takes more than that. it must also be genuinely good in the long term for all parties involved. for instance, it wouldn't be ethical for two completely incompatible people to date each other just because they're both terrified of being alone, even if they both consent to it. they could even hurt others if they have children. response 2: 'as long as you're upfront about your motives, you're in the clear. ' few people are willing to be so upfront, precisely because they're aware of how much it makes them sound like a sociopath. 'i had a bad breakup and i'm just looking for a rebound. you cool with that? ' few people say that sort of thing upfront. and if you are upfront, sure, it may lessen your burden of guilt, but that doesn't mean you should be doing it in the first place. if you sell someone placebo drugs, and you tell them upfront, 'hey these drugs probably won't do a damn thing. i'm just trying to make a cheap buck. ' and they buy them anyway, sure, that's better than lying to them about it. but isn't it even better not to sell placebo drugs at all? similarly, if someone's just a rebound for you, it's better if you tell them that upfront rather than make them think they're special, but isn't it better still not to use someone that way in the first place? besides, our motives are often obscure even to ourselves. we may not realize someone was a rebound until the relationship is over. if you're not really, truly excited about someone after a few dates, then what are you still doing with them? response 3: sex is no big deal. it's just our messed up society that puts such an unhealthy emphasis on it. our society probably does have an unhealthy attitude toward sex. but sex is a big deal, and it's not just another activity like skiing. otherwise, we can't explain why forced sex is a special kind of crime. here's what i mean. rape is a serious crime, one that can potentially cause serious psychological damage. likewise, it's a serious crime for an adult to have sex with a child. part of the reason is that they can't meaningfully consent to sex. but why is meaningful consent necessary in this case? young children can't meaningfully consent to getting their hair cut or being taken skiing, either, but that's no crime. rape and sex with children are evil because it's a particularly heinous type of violation, perhaps a violation of something that should be sacred. it's not just an activity that our society places too much emphasis on. sex is intimate in a way that can cause lasting psychological damage if forced upon someone. presumably this is because sex is so deeply rooted in our biology that we can't help but have certain psychological reactions to it. sex does something to you, and you can't necessarily help it no matter how enlightened you are. or even if you can completely separate sex from all the messy emotions, you can't know if your casual partner is capable of doing the same, because you don't know them well. if sex is special, perhaps even sacred, we're playing with fire if we act as if it's no big deal. we risk hurting ourselves and others psychologically, even if it's all perfectly consensual. addendum: there's some part of me that still feels like i'm being ridiculous and unrealistic about my approach to dating, but my conscience won't be clear unless i can see why. or if i'm not being ridiculous, then at least i'll feel more confident about refusing to date anyone for any reason who doesn't meet my possibly unrealistic standards. i can't seem to settle this on my own, so i would appreciate some outside perspective and wisdom.
you generally know what you are going to get for your money using mtg as the example, you're going to get 15 cards, with a rare, 3 uncommons, and the rest commons. sometimes you get a foil card, sometimes a mythic rare, but it's always the same number of cards. these cards ostensibly all have the same value they can all be used to play the game they are for, and it's up to you, the player, to determine which cards warrant a place in your deck. the game's producer makes no claim about which cards are more valuable deciding which cards work better in your deck is a core part of the gameplay, and the producer would not want to break that by telling you which ones are better. any secondary market for the cards should not be taken into account. how is it the company's responsibility that other people might be willing to pay you money for what you got in your card pack? if you are opening a box of lucky charms, and i say i am willing to pay you a quarter for every unicorn marshmallow you give me, does that mean general mills is now engaging in gambling? even if dozens of websites spring up for the purpose of buying and selling lucky charms marshmallows, general mills is still no more responsible for the market value of any given marshmallow than it is now. sight unseen auctions are legal, and i see no reason to prevent them from being so. i think this same logic extends to digital card games like hearthstone, and even to loot boxes themselves, but i'll leave that for another post.
there have been many people that identify as gay or lesbian that have readily admitted that they made the choice to become so. the 1989 book 'after the ball' basically directed the lgbt movement to start claiming a universal 'born that way' to coerce social acceptance. the unfortunately very limited research on the subject of homosexuality and childhood sexual abuse seems to indicate a very strong correlation between the two obviously not as an exclusive cause or correlation . yes, i've read and sexual orientation yes, i've read and sexual orientation things that might change my view: new, compelling data. some new novel way of thinking about the issue that i haven't thought of before. what am i missing? cmv.
i understand that this is a very unpopular opinion, but here me out. if they want help, then they should be able to receive it. it's kind of like natural selection. you can argue that people who are physically ill with things like cancer get treatment, but my point is most people who have physical terminal illnesses do not 'choose' to die. this goes to anyone whether they are in great pain because of a physical illness, or they are suffering emotionally from a mental illness. honestly, i don't like the fact i have this opinion, but i still believe in it. that's why i've come here. change my mind.
just look at their respective codes. the jedi code: there is no emotion, there is peace. there is no ignorance, there is knowledge. there is no passion, there is serenity. there is no chaos, there is harmony. there is no death, there is the force. the sith code: peace is a lie, there is only passion. through passion, i gain strength. through strength, i gain power. through power, i gain victory. through victory, my chains are broken. the force shall free me. now, while certain parts of the jedi code, specifically lines 2 and 5, are good, the rest of it seems to be pushing a worldview based on restraint, discipline, and order. now this in and of itself is fine, but it accomplishes this by restricting the influence of passion. passion amp; emotion is the chief governing factor in humans. maybe it's different for certain alien species, i don't know. the sith, on the other hand, encourage passion. they use it, control it, and gain strength and inspiration from it. this is their strength, but also their weakness. emotion can grant power, but it can also blind you. passion should never be without restraint, but the abandonment of it by the jedi is both unrealistic and harmful to it's members. i just wrote a 1500 character wall of text on the philosophy of space ninjas. i am a massive fucking nerd.
corruption, as any phenomenon occurring in a system governed by institutions, is a result of the incentives individuals within the organization are subject to. this enables a rabbit chase for 'the right' person, that will never really yield any results. even if we find an angel, it will ultimately be corrupted if the incentives are not right. instead of wasting energy on finding the right leader to whom a cult of personality is owed we should focus on designing systems where even devils are forced to act right. if having a functioning government was all about finding the right person, we would be doomed, as we can hardly tell what the real motivations and ideas of a given candidate are.
by making an exception for children, it opens up all kinds of loopholes which adults can exploit by taking advantage of children. it would not be difficult for an adult using their child as a salesperson in a street stand to bypass laws that they, themselves would have to adhere to. for a functioning society, it is important for all businesses and products even on the smallest scale to be regulated and monitored. if not then everything becomes unclear. what age is young enough to plead ignorant? what products are and aren t allowed to be sold? i do not believe that fines should be issued regarding it and i m not suggesting that we go out actively shutting them down. laws are in place for a reason and if certain laws are ignored due to a child s ignorance then we set a precedent which is harmful to society as a whole. to summarise we have laws which should be upheld in society and by making exceptions could lead to the exploration of those exceptions.
i will freely admit to being a liberal in favor of gun control. but my fianc is a single issue voter about gun rights. gun rights outrank every other issue to him and his friends, and i'd like to understand where they come from before we marry. they cite the revolutionary war as an example. in my view, a modern armed population will never be able to win against the current us military. civilians don't have apache helicopters. almost everyone i know can't run 5 miles straight. at best, it'd be years of bloody civil war like syria's and they still wouldn't win. as the years go by, military technology will only continue to outpace the tech available to civilians and this rationale will become more and more far fetched. the whole argument seems like a theoretical exercise that shouldn't be the foremost political issue to anyone. i hope to understand opposing viewpoints.
i understand that this is a very unpopular opinion, but here me out. if they want help, then they should be able to receive it. it's kind of like natural selection. you can argue that people who are physically ill with things like cancer get treatment, but my point is most people who have physical terminal illnesses do not 'choose' to die. this goes to anyone whether they are in great pain because of a physical illness, or they are suffering emotionally from a mental illness. honestly, i don't like the fact i have this opinion, but i still believe in it. that's why i've come here. change my mind.
i ll keep this simple. humans do not need to consume meat in order to survive, we are 100 capable of living healthy lifestyles by eating exclusively plant based food. so, what is the reason we eat meat? simply because it tastes good. we enjoy the way it tastes.
why? you shouldn t get a pass because you committed a terrible crime, it makes no sense.
do you know who actually drew all these characters and stories stan lee seems to get put on a pedestal for? do you think people know whose real talent actually put pen to paper and physically created things like spiderman and whatnot? no. he just stood behind these people telling them 'oh you know whatd be cool is if there's was a superhero who had x and y and z' while other truly talented artists actually made these creations. does the name steve ditko ring a bell to you? todd macfarlane? probably not right. they're some of the ones who actually drew spiderman in the comics, who put pencil to paper and slaved away for hours on hours to churn out art, not just sit in the front office chair and soak up all the press and fame when the recognition came rolling in. the whole situation reminds me of the star trek black mirror episode where the genius man behind everything gets no crand the douche 'running' things soaks up everything. when ditko died last summer, no one said anything. reddit didnt go up in a circle jerk of karma whoring every last 'rip' post, hell i dont even remember seeing anything at all. it's just ridiculous.
that should signal warning bells. what is the result of this? i had a biology teacher who taught alternatives to evolution, math teachers who had no idea what the point of math was, and i don't really understand the use of a comma and i have suspicions neither did my teachers. i'm also familiar with education curriculum and have serious skepticism it is a four year program. this would end the problem of students being taught about a subject from someone who can't motivate the topic, and in some cases is very uncomfortable with the material themselves. what i would be interested to hear is someone who wants to explain why a four year degree in education to be, say a math teacher, is preferable to getting a four year degree in math and having an educational mentor like most other jobs. what i'm not really interested in is hearing about how we have a shortage of teachers and making it harder to become one will cause even worse shortages. that isn't the point of the cmv.
a guy hijacks a plane everyone says he must have mental issues but what if he was seeking help and on a new prescription? what prescription drug was the batman movie theater shooter on? you loose your rights to privacy when you take threaten the lives of others. i believe that the money in the drug industry doesn t want the average person to know the common denominator in the majority of these tragic situations. if you knew an antidepressant was in the system of every high profile attack in the us since 9 11 would you keep taking them?
some facts: overweight and obesity are the fifth leading risk for global deaths. at least 2. 8 million adults die each year as a result of being overweight or obese. beauty arguments aside cause my opinion is that fat people are disgusting, and that beauty is not a social structure, its a biological preference no being fat is not ok. you don't need to be proud of it. nobody is forcing you to sit on your ass and eat junk food. some people say 'i eat healthy and i work out, and still i gain weight' that is just impossible. if you eat perfectly healthy , and work out , you will burn more calories then you burn , hence you will loose weight.
tl;dr: i believe that the obsession with telling everyone to 'get an education' is misguided and has been incredibly harmful to our society. close to 70 amp; 37; of graduating high school students are now attending college of some sort directly after graduation. this has had a number of unfortunate results: 1. when 70 amp; 37; of the population excluding high school dropouts wants to go on to higher education, it means that there will be a mathematical guarantee that a significant amount of individuals with below average academic skills, intelligence and education will be attending. the result is that schools either must admit students that they know can't handle the workload or reduce the academic rigor in order to accommodate less capable students. 2. employers can no longer use a bachelors degree as a meaningful discriminator because they are way too common. when having a bachelors degree in a field not directly related to your job i. e. non stem was less common, an employer could infer that whoever had it was at least of an above average intelligence and academic ability, even if they didn't go to an elite educational institution. essentially saying, 'even though an english degree isn't really directly related to this job, this person still must be reasonably capable to have gotten a degree at all. ' now that degrees are handed out left and right, this is not longer useful. it is also very damaging to capable people who didn't get a degree and has forced people to take on more debt to attend graduate school or accept lower salaries in order to be competitive. 3. someone with 40th percentile intelligence is not going to be able to complete a degree in organic chemistry or mechanical engineering, so the result is they study largely useless degrees, wasting their time and money learning stuff they will never use on any job. while i certainly believe that having academics in a society has value, there is a limit of how many history and psychology degrees can be given out and still have marginal value to society. spending 4 years of your life and going deep into debt had better improve your employment prospects, and i really don't believe it does for most people of average to below average ability. go into a retail store or restaurant in a major city and odds are that multiple non management employees will have degrees. 20 years ago, this would have been unheard of. 4. it kill innovation and entrepreneurship. because so many young people come out of school with a ton of debt and no real skills even if you have a more useful degree , it kills entrepreneurship. someone of middling intelligence who has a ba in psychology isn't going to be able to start any business that they couldn't have out of high school. they certainly won't be as capable of starting a business as someone who spent those 4 years in trade school and or an apprenticeship learning how to do a real world skill. even if they have the ability, being saddled with debt means that they are less willing to take the risks required to be an entrepreneur. this is all well and good, but for something that costs as much as it does, it just doesn't make sense for the majority of people.
hey, r changemyview i'm struggling. sometimes, i even feel scared by it. i don't need you to convince me that equality is important, or that inequalities still exist. of course they do. nor do i need to you to explain how, as a white dude, i'm privileged. believe me, i know. but i am hoping you can help me see a better way forward than self flagellation and guilt, which doesn't help me and certainly doesn't help anybody else. everywhere i look, i see articles about how terrible people who look like me are, and i feel ashamed. but proud of who i am, deep down, as an individual person. it's hard because everywhere i look i see positive role models from other genders races, and i want to be positive, too. but white men are pretty vilified and there's not a lot of examples on how i can be a decent person and actually help. the message i get is that i should just shut up and bask in my privilege, because society is done with me. i think a part of me feels like i should suffer, because of my privilege. so i read social justice news frequently. but i'm exhausted enough so that small things are starting to get to me. today, for instance, i saw an article about whether or not 'people of color' is an acceptable term to use and i kind of lost it internally not because i don't care if the term is acceptable or not, but because i feel like i can't be this perfect white man who never offends anyone accidentally. there are so many angry articles i've read and i'd like to say that we could all be angry about the problem but it feels like we're angry at each other. and it's making it hard for me to see myself and others as individuals the exact opposite of what i want. these days i walk around feeling like people hate me, scared that even if they're nice to me they're just thinking the same things these articles say. it doesn't really feel like the narrative of equality today is, 'let's build a better world together. ' it feels more like, 'white men have caused all of these problems so you guys just go sit in a corner. ' and it makes me angry, because i want to help, and i don't believe that the best way for me to help is just go bask in my privilege and die. i want to say, i'm here for this, and i want to help, but you have to let me be an individual who is imperfect and not just 'an evil white dude'. ugh. i know this is rambling and probably incoherent the more i type, i'm getting emotional. anyway, please try to change my view. i don't want to keep feeling shitty and wind up a bitter, trump voter in 2020 lol . ps: i'm going to be here for the next few hours because i'm taking this seriously and will reply in good faith. i've got to step away for a little now but i'll check back in a few hours and reply some more.
i would like to say that i am a conservative. i generally support conservative ideas such as pro life, anti illegal immigrants, free market. however i never got my head around being pro gun. as a conservative i am genuinely willing to be pro gun if i see necessary. also i am not that educated other than basic knowledge of pro gun or anti gun arguments. i am just going off my initial feeling that: although when people first get a license that might be sane, people can change or just become drunk. gun crime. having loads of people owning guns would lead more mugging and robbery as you can threaten the person. also no matter how thorough the tests are to get a gun there will be bad people who are able to get their hands on them. also i don t believe in the argument that guns save lives. because no one had gun i believe that there wouldn t be as many lives to save.
well i'm sure we all know what prompted this cmv. left leaning comments and subs all over reddit and other social media sites seem fully convinced that ford is telling the truth about kavanaugh, often citing their rationale along the lines of 'i believe women when they say things like this' or 'why would she lie? ' all despite the fact that at this point it's basically a she said vs he said and he said and 65 women said. i think this is bad and toxic. on one hand estimates of how many sexual assault claims pan out to be false only account for a rather small portion of the whole. i've seen estimates as low as 0. 5 and as high as 10 well in truth i've seen 90 , but i take issue with the research methods in that one case . 2 5 seems to be a fairly commonly accepted range. and to bolster the fact that we do know that women lie about these things from time to time, even in very high profile cases, we have cases like the duke lacrosse team thing, beale, or mattress girl. so yeah. maybe if you had to place a bet on the truth of one of these claims, the smart money might be on the woman telling the truth. if there's a statistical 95 98 chance she's telling the truth, roll those dice, baby. but playing at statistics is quite different than asserting 'belief' in the outcome as if it's a truth. of all the ford supporters i've heard, not a one has framed their support in terms of statistical likelihood. they frame it as 'i believe women because i believe women. ' i think this is a toxic and unhelpful view that, if embraced more fully, has the potential to wreck lives. y'all know what to do. cheers. amp; x200b;
doesn t every person have the right to vote? maybe another doubt is who decides how they cast their vote. my guess would be the investors.
there are many different programs different countries have done, such as maternity leave, healthcare reforms centered around birth care, subsidies to assist with childrearing cost, etc these are usually government forms of assistance, but there is also intense opposition to private attempts to help families with these issues planned parenthood is the first thing that comes to mind, but there are probably other good examples . so tl:dr, what am i saying. i'd like to see some justification for this, or just some sort of explanation for why they should keep up this mess of contradictions in us politics.
i like riding bikes. it's my primary form of commuting and primary exercise. when i'm commuting, i make sure i ride as safely and predictably as i can on the right hand side of the lane where it's safe to do so i'll move over if i need to avoid a pothole, glass, make a left turn etc . i signal turns. i make sure i have good visibility bright lights, reflective tape on the sides of my bike. i am able to hold speed reasonably well averaging around 17mph on most city streets . i also get all lycra'd up and ride road. i do many of the same practices staying on the right side when i can, trying to call to groups when cars are coming up behind us, etc .
while i agree that each culture is unique, i believe that all cultures are not equal. for example, the culture of great britain, and most of the western world, has given far more benefits to the world than the culture of somolia or the congo. the west has make incredible leaps in the fields of medicine, technology, ethics, and so much more. contrast this with somewhere like papua new guinea, where many of the native tribes still practice backwards and downright barbaric rituals. one example is the etoro tribe of papua new guinea, a tribe that forces its young men to ingest the semen of its tribal elders daily from the age of 7 till they're 17. this type of culture, which has contributed nothing to the sciences or philosophy, is incredibly behind the culture of somewhere like great britain, which created such amazing things as capitalism, the industrial revolution, photography, the electric engine, hypodermic needles, the modern sewage system, and so much more.
my view basically boils down to one question. if, at some point, both countries were at war and asking you to fight for them, who would you choose? you can't say neither, and your answer is who you're loyal to. this works purely as a theoretical question. doesn't matter if the situation will likely never arise, the answer shows which countries interests you care about more. even the closest allies have times where they disagree on matters, and sometimes those matters are purely because both countries only stand to benefit from opposite resolutions. not necessarily right or wrong, just who do i want coming out on top. the fact that these countries may not currently have conflict has absolutely not bearing on this.
as women are now free to do whoever and whatever they want, we are entering a competition style dating experience, as opposed to a pair bonding one. while the average woman might not have a chance to secure any long term commitment from such a high value man, she can share her bed with him for a night. while there is nothing wrong with this premise inherently, the problem arises when it s time to partner up for the long term. unfortunately, she now must pick from a man more on her level in terms of desirability. so, she marries a man who can t compare in many ways to the ons s she used to have, but is willingly to be loyal and support her. the problem manifests itself in that once you ve tasted steak, it s hard to go back to hot dogs. she is now forced to attempt to manage a long term relationship with a man who is objectively on most levels worse than the ones she s hooked up with before. cue divorce and damage to her own, her husbands and children s lives. the reason i want my view changed is there has to be a more optimistic way of looking at it than that. so cmv reddit i know you can do it!
why do people in the us have so much respect for the military? even expressions like 'thanks for your service' seem so common in the us, but feel so uncomfortable to me. or by being a threat to other countries? what is people's perception on this, because i just don't get it.
however, i think that the amount of inappropriate content impedes some of the intent behind pride. to me, pride is about celebrating the lgbt community and promoting acceptance and understanding. it's about not being ashamed of who we love and what we identify as, and being able to share that with the world. i think the parade would ideally be a great place to bring our families, to show parents and children how incredible and talented the community is. i'm not out to my family, but bringing them to pride would be a great start towards warming them up to accept me. but generally given the amount of public nudity and sexual inappropriateness at pride, this is pretty much out of the question.
it is more than common knowledge these days that smoking is a direct cause of not only lung cancer, but all kinds of other terrible problems later in life. your skin gets shitty, your teeth awful, you have the stereotypical smoker voice, all of that. even if you don t believe the ads, most people these days know an older person that smokes, or did smoke, and has all these side effects. note that this does not count any kind of prior addiction brought on by a family member or something. you can t be blamed for that, and you didn t start smoking on your own.
i and many other of my casual soccer fans have watched a significant portion of the world cup this year. the way i see it, the world cup is a potential stage to attract millions of people as fans of the sport, and i m sure it does a relatively good job at it. on top of that i ve seen a number of near breakaway opportunities where, at the sniff of contact, the offensive player goes down instead of attempting to play through contact as well as other similar situations . if players should be punished for embellishing acting fines would likely be the best means of doing so. now i understand some teams pay their players more than others so a universal fine number might not work. i m thinking maybe a small percentage of their compensation from their teams? cmv!
but it's not. and like the kid waiting for a santa claus that never comes, we get hurt by believing in the illusion of willpower. but evidence shows this is not actually true. if it were, everybody would fulfill their new year resolution, we would all be much healthier, fitter and happier. the ugly truth is that we constantly do things that are harmful for us. i see the mind as being ruled by a savage monkey, the unconscious, which actually decides our behaviour. to decide, it uses a model of the world which is obsolete, it still thinks we are in the stone age. we eat candy because fruit was rare and highly advantageous for survival, we spend so much time on instagram because we need to belong, social validation as in the stone age exile was death etc. it cannot change behaviours that the unconscious monkey thinks are advantageous to survival. by accepting it's an illusion, we can move past it and develop real solutions.
recent polling shows that trumps approval among republicans is still historically high. further, some other polls are finding trends that trump supporters believe trump on what is real over their own friends and family, with media even further behind source newsletter amp;utm medium email amp;utm campaign sendto newslettertest amp;stream top . because of this, it is nearly impossible that enough gop senators vote to convict that it removes trump from office. gop representatives will never turn on a sitting president that still has 90 favorability ratings among republicans and nothing is ever going to change that number.
it actually isn't possible. change my view?
pack it up, go home. i came here from the digg 4. 0 exodus back in the day not my main acct and reddit feels an awful lot like digg used to. what's next? fisher price? reddit is highly censored now, and the general feel of the platform and current userbase feels of a high school hallway between classes. not to mention the reposts are becoming more frequent and imho feel almost planned. as a daily user for 10 years: we are at an all time high for reposts. it's almost as if this is one giant ai bot machine. call me crazy, but i'm seeing the same shit more frequently with the same comments.
we also have comparable evidence from the ussr, where health complications caused by alcohol where significantly reduced along with crime, violence, and work absence 1990 11 3 p246 252. pdf;jsessionid 4a22a021eef33eabbb444cfc66bf6aab? sequence 1 .
so i just graduated with my computer science degree back in april and after reflecting on what i learned in my coding classes, it seems like we are working with antiquated technology. as an example, i wouldn't consider my algorithms or theory of computation courses as 'coding classes,' because while some code was done, it was largely more theoretical stuff. my java and python classes however were just all about learning those languages. we dipped into php and sql in my databases class but that's about it. the first time i ever did a web app was when i learned . net myself working on my senior project. every other code class besides sysadmin if that counts never really touched on any networking topics. so what we learned through school for the most part was how to make an offline desktop app. you code something in java, you run a . jar file, and you're good to go, no coverage of rest api usage or anything. in reality, this isn't too relevant anymore. people don't use desktop apps in large quantities anymore, bar video games. the average person probably uses: chrome firefox, discord, steam, itunes spotify, and maybe 3 other programs of their choice a couple adobe products, maybe a few ides, etc. . mobile apps have largely replaced the usefulness of desktop apps. if you want a budget tracker for example, you'll likely just do it on your phone so you can punch in numbers whenever you need to. if there's a desktop app that isn't too fitting for mobile, typically it works better as a web app so people don't have to download specific software. of course i listed some desktop apps above that are still relevant and still useful, but they are much lower in popularity compared to mobile or web apps since they are typically less portable on a pc or require downloads and setup. and especially with every app being connected to the internet nowadays it seems downright outdated that we don't even so much as cover simpler web connectivity things like rest apis in these coding classes. i couldn't tell you how to integrate an api into a java application, and i used it for several years throughout highschool and college. cmv.
i recently went to a talk on free speech and hate speech. one of the biggest take aways i got was the amount of applause a line from someone when they said something allong the lines of 'who are you the oppressor to define what hate speech is for us the oppressed . ' while i absolutely understand and empathize with where this sentiment was coming from, the end result of this line of thinking is disastrous for liberal democratic societies. it leads to a presumption that all those who differ from your definition of oppressed are either worthy of silencing, or that they are not worth listening to. what has been very surprising to me is the unwillingness to try engage and convince those with opposite viewpoints. i understand why it has gotten so much harder. the realities of people who self select information sources that confirm their worldview are constantly being reinforced into a deeper and deeper dillusion where alternative facts live. i know this has been rambling and unfocused, but i guess i am just looking for some silver lining or hope that liberals are trying to beat bad ideas with better ideas, and not a political correctness or censorship.
i have a friend who has been attending aa meetings recently because he was ordered to do so in some fashion after getting a dui for the record i don't know if that means he was given a true option or made to attend or 'choose' jailtime and the whole thing has got me thinking about whether or not aa works and if sobriety is even the intended outcome of the program. below i've listed the famous 12 steps and below that are my relatively disorganized thoughts on the program having looked into it for the first time in any in depth manner. this means that i m still in the early stages of my views and can be very much subject to change. 1. we admitted we were powerless over alcohol that our lives had become unmanageable. 2. came to believe that a power greater than ourselves could restore us to sanity. 3. made a decision to turn our will and our lives over to the care of god as we understoodhim. 4. made a searching and fearless moral inventory of ourselves. 5. admitted to god, to ourselves, and to another human being the exact nature of our wrongs. 6. were entirely ready to have god remove all these defects of character. 7. humbly asked him to remove our shortcomings. 8. made a list of all persons we had harmed and became willing to make amends to them all. 9. made direct amends to such people wherever possible, except when to do so would injure them or others. 10. continued to take a personal inventory and when we were wrong promptly admitted it. 11. sought through prayer and mation to improve our conscious contact with god as we understood him, praying only for knowledge of his will for us and the power to carry that out. 12. my current view is that because of the lack of change of the steps over the years since the 30 s suggests a lack of improvement that would be unacceptable in any other field of treatment for diseases. here are some of my thoughts on the matter. first up, as many have pointed out, there's a whole lot of god involved throughout the 12 steps 6 direct references and 7 if you count 2 , i'm not sure how this is supposed to appeal to athiests such as my friend. if a person does not believe in god they will be put off from the program from the start making it much harder to reach their goal of sobriety. if alcoholism is a disease then why does aa treat it simply as a matter of will power? i wouldn't try to treat cancer with prayer alone, and for the record there are various medical treatments for alcoholism. there is also a stigma of personal failure when people relapse which doesn't make sense for a couple of reasons. first, if it's a disease then people are sick which means that blaming them for not being able to control their health adds a layer of shame which can only do harm to the person's primary goal of getting sober. in turn this will increase the time to get sober because it will add time to get over that shame before starting again. shame does nothing to help get a person back on track as far as i can tell. second, you would never assign blame to a person with cancer who has gone into remission and then had the cancer come back, why would we do the same for literally any other illness? we wouldn't accept that from any other sort of treatment. if we didn't collect that information we would still have the same poor treatment of hiv that we did in the 80s and 90s, same goes for cancer, and just about any other illness you can name. finally it seems that aa believes it s program is a one size fits all program when we know that many ailments require different treatments for different people. this is especially true for ailments that affect people mentally which i think it s safe to say that addiction falls under that same umbrella. people deal with various addictions in different ways, why aa treats alcohol as a one size fits all approach i can t say, maybe i m wrong, but based on the text of their twelve steps and twelve promises that doesn t seem to be the case. instead they seem to say that the only reason people fail is because the fail to give themselves over fully to the program which seems to be very very odd.
as morality cannot be imposed, and the smart, or selfish, or rich will always have advantage any system, however vetted, will produce unintended consequences. the more complex the regulation or system, the harder it is to evaluate the success. welfare, government oversight, banking and industry regulation, healthcare and similar policies inevitably fail to produce better results than the self correcting selfish incentives of competition. for example: the recent fiduciary rule attempted to standardize compensation for advisory services on asset management. this was meant to be a more strict policy compared to a disclosure based, potentially conflicted, model in which suitability was the standard. the problem which was attempted to be addressed was: broker has fund a and b which are both suitable, but picks a for revenue purposes. the solution was, fund a and b must pay the same. simply put . the reality was that the industry broadly increased fees holistically, to maintain revenue levels but collect it another way. average fees went up. in the chaos of the administration change, the standard was ultimately struck down. it seems to me, that ultimately, people learn from experience, and in the learning process even systemically, many problems self correct from individual incentive. a social darwinism of behavior, as evolution has shown us the impact of selective competitive advantage with iteration, why can that not apply also to society? us spending on welfare is comparatively high compared to international spending on a proportional decrease in standardized poverty levels can t vote on my phone directly, but a 2012 study was referenced on wikipedia s welfare page . my view could change with appropriate statistical evidence. it seems most of the research on these concepts are highly partisan, and the results are hard to take at face value. to be honest my current view is how i was educated. i would appreciate a differing, well supported viewpoint.
i often see people criticizing phrases such as 'man up! ,' 'be a man! ,' etc, and claiming these are bad for young people men and women to hear. historically and biologically, men have been and are more combative than women so if a woman needs to be combative to accomplish something, i see no problem is saying 'be a man. ' this also applies to other traits such as independence. as an aside, some may argue that ideas of masculinity and femininity are purely socially construed and that people only act certain ways because of societal influence. i wholeheartedly disagree masculine and feminine traits largely have to do with the presence of sex hormones acting on the nervous system. so the idea that phrases like 'be a man' need to go away because it's keeping together a negative social construct are unfounded. if anything is unclear, i will be happy to elaborate on any ideas in the comments.
when i read the news this morning about donald trump wanting to do away with birthright citizenship i was thinking holy shit is this for real? i was not aware that there was actually any debate about it in the new york times article i read about how the debate centers on the phrase subject to the jurisdiction thereof . the same article linked the cornell law school article about ' united states v. wong kim ark' which btw holy shit longest article ever i feel for you law students out ther h. the cornell article also goes a bunch into english case law, which i gather is a significant source of legal guidance for all th s. in that section it gives some context regarding the use of the word 'jurisdiction': gt;'the fundamental principle of the common law with regard to english nationality was birth within the allegiance, also called 'ligealty,' 'obedience,' 'faith,' or 'power' of the ki g. the principle embraced all persons born within the king's allegiance and subject to his protecti n. such allegiance and protection were mutual as expressed in the maxim protectio trahit subjectionem, et subjectio protectionem and were not restricted to natural born subjects and naturalized subjects, or to those who had taken an oath of allegiance, but were predicable of aliens in amity so long as they were within the kingd m. children, born in england, of such aliens were therefore natural born subjec . ' quickly looking around the internet it seems like many arguments against this are pulling some logically fallacious reasoning saying something along the lines of, 'it's ridiculous to say illegal aliens aren't in the jurisdiction of the u. s. , obviously we can arrest them and charge them with crimes, so they are in our jurisdictio t. for example, the atlantic article s. in this view, schuck and smith misread the historical material ' it then also links an article in which it uses the argument about jurisdiction i talked about abo s. i would really appreciate some better argued materi l. the aforementioned atlantic article also links 'the citizenship clause: a legislative history' ? twitter impression true amp;httpsredir 1 amp;article 1607 amp;context aulr , which i am trying to go through; it's just a bit long amp; x20
imagine an american with the last name gross talking to a german guy, and amidst the conversation the american goes 'oh! i'm german too! my family is german! ' that's like me making the statement that my great grandfather was part of the navy and decorated soldier with the heavy implication that it applies to me too as if what he did was relevant to my life it wasn't . i'm not a soldier, so why is it relevant for me to bring it up as if what he did in the army affected me today? if i was a soldier it would make sense as it could have been a motivator for me being in the army if his decisions cultivated an army family culture it didn't . my grandmother was also a whore and slept with many men, but not one of her many daughters are even slightly promiscuous. amp; x200b; the current cherokee tribe chief i believe is listed as being 1 32 cherokee and native american. i literally know a guy who was born in italy to italian parents but moved very young to germany and can't speak italian at all, yet he claims to be italian. just be honest with yourself and stop lying to others; you're not italian, you're german.
the whole point of sidearms are to be quick, easy to conceal and most importantly, easy to operate. its clunky, very large in size, uses a pointless round . 50 action express omg why! ! ! ! ! and has such a recoil that even the most experienced people cant control it perfectly. its basically the antithesis of what a sidearm should be. i think people are better off using a taser or even those tiny few inch sized guns like 2. 7mm kolibri which can get the job done very well.
before i get into this, let me be clear what i'm not trying to say : all rap is bad. rap takes no talent. people shouldn't listen to rap at all. people who listen to rap are less intellegent. all the problems i list are exclusive to rap and not other genres of music. ok, now let's get into this : 1. rap uses less people to create, which does not always indicate, but usually indicates less effort overall . obviously, the more people working on something, the more hours that can be put into something. that doesn't mean one person can't create something good, but the likelihood of an individual creating something good is statically less than that of a group. 2. most rap songs use rhymes, which can alter what the creator wants the song to mean . the creator of a song might want to portray a message, express an emotion s , or cause the listener to critically think in some way. since many rap songs rely heavily on rhyming their lyrics, they have to alter the words of the songs in order to rhyme. while this can be entertaining, the meaning of the song is often lost, misunderstood or not taken seriously. 3. rap relies too heavily on vocals and not a variety of instruments . that's not to say that rap never uses anything else, but vocals are always at the forefront; everything but the vocals is just background noise, vocals are emphasized. this means that rap as a genre lacks variety within artists and between artists. it becomes more difficult to distinguish between rap songs, and they start to blend together. this begins to ruin the perception of what's good and what's bad. on top of that, if the vocals are bad, the whole song is bad vs. if one instrument were bad, the entire song is not necessarily ruined. 4. rap is easier to learn than other genres that use other instruments, and most anyone can do it if try tried. there's no hand eye coordination with vocals as with a guitar or piano. on top of that, traditional vocals require the singer to use certain pitches consistently and at loud capacities and to a beat. this makes it easier to learn than other interments or vocals. meaning, people without natural talent can start rapping, and lesser quality songs can be made in abundance. of course, a rapper can spend an equal or greater amount of time practicing as any other musician. but remember, people can also get really good at sitting down and standing up, that doesn't equate to quality. i try to be objective, but i obviously wouldn't be making this argument if i didn't have a bias. i do enjoy some rap, i'm not completely adverse to it. other genres have similar problems, i would say the same of a lot of pop or country music. let me know what you guys think, am i way off base? thanks for reading, i look forward to your responses.
it's actually a lot more nuanced than that, but thats the gist of it. it's how i got my first, and only, delta actually. i'm actually just helping them reach the conclusion based of their own perceptions and beliefs. i'm simply imploring a type of therapy that works because it is the path of least resistance. however, i'm not actually changing their views whatsoever. instead, i'm basically leading a horse to water. however, i feel like i cheated to get it.
let's just disregard the fact that 'average voter' generally means the white voter, in this case. it starts with these communities that collectively complain about their problems. my issue with this is that this seems to be a very ahistorical view. blacks were enslaved based on their identity. women weren't allowed to own their land based on their identity. it's incredibly troublesome to me that people ignore this. because it certainly wasn't for no reason. and it isn't like the fight is over on any of these fronts. blacks are still facing issues with police brutality. women are dealing with sexual harassment in the workplace and not finding adequate help when they want to come forward. ice are literally asking mexican people for their papers. why should they not band together and advocate for each other? i don't see why that's bad. so now let's focus on the right. do you think that's just a coincidence? of course not. democrats have a more diverse voter base because they picked up the slack that republicans weren't willing to pick up. that isn't the fault of democrats. it's the fault of republicans those demonized those identities to begin with. it's their creation. first off, the implication here is that, somehow, the lgbtq community, black people, hispanic people. muslims, etc. can't be working class. that's incredibly problematic. secondly, they say this because they feel that advocating for these groups is off putting to white voters. i'm open to all discussion. if i need to be more clear in a certain area, please let me know. this is my first time doing this, but i'm curious to see your opinions on this.
there seems to be a lot of controversy around this topic. now, the opposite of the argument is that this is 'discrimination'. also, on an episode of 'what would you do? ' so what's your view? as someone who isn't a parent? or do you not mind at all?
i'm not saying trump didn't even have some sort of a connection with russians, direct or indirect, private or government. it's also difficult to me that if anyone in his campaign knowingly had shady, illegal connections to russia to help his chances, they didn't tap him on the shoulder and ask that stop drawing dots between himself and russia. the only argument i hear irl when i bring this up is that he is 'stupid' and let it slip. he may or may not be a good person but he certainly not a dumb person.
'whatever undeserved evil you inflict upon another within the people, you inflict upon yourself' kant murderers should be murdered, exactly how they committed the murder. killed someone by throwing rocks at them? death by stoning. killed by shooting? criminal should be shot. thieves should lose all their property, rapists should be raped. this may be an extreme form of justice, but i believe it is one of the only just system. you see completely sick, sadistic cruel people, that only get punished by being behind bars? for example people like ariel castro. he kidnapped 3 innocent girls, trapped them, beat them, starved them, raped and impregnated them and made them have miscarriages for 11 years. 11 whole years. a complete monster. lifetime in prison? it's ridiculous imo. intuitively, surely you would believe a man like that deserves more than simply life in prison. and in reality, all he did was serve one month and hang himself. death by hanging is nothing compared to what he did, he doesn't deserve death by the rope. i believe everything he did, should be done to him. of course he can't get impregnated, but there should be a procedure; where punishments should be somewhat adjusted and equivalent. for example, he would be trapped and chained also for 11 years, and continuously raped and starved. of course, you may think this is equally sick and doesn't do any good at all. but i am willing to sacrifice our humanity if it means punishing a monster that committed acts of no humanity at all. maybe if monsters like him knew that their acts would have equal weight in punishment to them, they would be in fear rather than laugh at how simple their punishments will be anyway. 2. i think this may be more fair. families are the ones who would be most affected by crimes, most hurt. the action they decide cannot be worse than what the criminal did, only equivalent or lower. for example, a thief cannot be decided to be raped by a family. a rapist cannot be forced to be burnt to death by the family, only raped. however, im not saying families can choose lower punishments e. g a murderer being punched in the face as this would be a complex thing to decide. however if they cannot decide, i believe the 1st option should be chosen.
i read this nyt article about facebook's conservative workers feeling like they can't express their opinions. we do this so consistently that employees are afraid to say anything when they disagree with what s around them politically. ' even though i'm very liberal, i'm not unsympathetic. to take an extreme example, if someone is a holocaust denier and wanted me to discuss this with them, i personally feel like there's nothing to talk about. if they pressed me on it, i would have to say they're either woefully delusional or anti semitic, or both. the facebook employee's complaint also strikes me as tone policing, asking folks who have had to endure countless arguments with bigots to use language like 'that's a bigoted idea' instead of 'you're a bigot. ' i do believe there's a difference between a good faith and bad faith argument debate. but even if you're arguing a racist or sexist idea in good faith, i think it's unreasonable to ask the people you're talking to not to think that you're racist or sexist. it reminds me of people who bemoan how heated political debate get for a lot of people, politics aren't 'just politics,' they have real world consequences. and the topics we're talking about these days are really personal. many of us have trans friends whose lives are in serious jeopardy because of policies. many of us have immigrant parents. fifty percent of us are women who are affected by anti choice laws. i frequently lurk on r asktrumpsupporters to try to get a sense of what people who support trump think about these topics. i've seen some posts that i disagree with but i can sense empathy and the fact that they genuinely believe their way is the best solution for everyone involved. but i've also seen many more posts that are rooted in racist ideas, particularly around immigration. i can't help but feel like these ideas stem from these posters being racists themselves rather than having some inexplicably complex worldview.
my view is based off the assertion that men and women should be treated equally on the principles of gender equality. the cultural norm that men should not hit women is wrong. men should not have an obligation to take assault from a woman based solely on gender. gender should not be taken into account in violence, save for exceptions. let me give a few examples. scenario 1 gt; female hits male, male hits in self defense. female is at wrong because she assaulted someone. scenario 2 gt; female hits male, male knocks out female. both parties at wrong, male used too much force. scenario 3 gt; male hits female, female knocks out male. both parties at wrong, female used too much force. gender does not come into account in any of these instances.
they have human dna distinct from their parents. they have organs which, while they are still developing, are self contained and distinct from their mothers organs. they respond to external stimuli independently of their mothers. the most prevalent arguments for the idea that fetuses are merely a part of the mother s body seem to be these, so i ll address them here: 1. the fetus is entirely dependent on the mother. it certainly is. however, newborn babies are also entirely dependent on the mother. not just financially, but in a very literal sense. they, like fetuses, get food directly from the mother s body. is it ok to kill babies because they re inconvenient to the mother? 2. why? because human beings don t stop developing until their early 20 s. we don t spring out of the womb as fully grown adults. i don t even have to argue that this argument is illogical on principle. i only have to point out that the line demanded by this logic is far later than birth. so is it ok to kill teenagers? 3. the mother has a right to control her own body. she surely does. yes, women have the right to control their own bodies. they can chop off their own legs if they really want to. what they do not have the right to do is kill children. it merely assumes the answer to the question and moves on. so what arguments am i missing? change my mind.
a heteroasexual person has no less rights and is treated no differently than a straight person. of course a homoasexual person would be treated similarly to a gay person so i would not call them asexual, i would simply just call them gay. they could be discriminated against in one off cases where they make asexuality their identity or make it known to their family as anything special or different, but that applies to literally anything that isn't perfect and telling a christian family you're changing religions or being born without full reproductive capabilities would get just as much discrimination. but for these purposes, you would be treated normal by the greater society still. i feel my position is awful and i apologize for it, but i am a member of the lgbtq and need to be challenged on this lest i fall victim to old school thought of discriminating against something i don't understand or stepping on others to prop myself higher up socially which for that reason alone i would never publicly disown asexuals or exclude them.
iq is a very good indicator of intelligence not even near perfect but very good . iq is mostly determined by genetics. being intelligent means that you are more likely to make rational decisions and think about the consequences of your actions. intelligence is also linked to a better understanding of other people's views, being less judgemental, being less racist, homophobic, etc. your intelligence is the basis for all your decisions, and you have to at least have sufficient intelligence to understand logic to function as an understanding cooperating member of society. the countries that function relatively well today, do so largely because their populations are smart enough to understand logic and think rationally. therefore crime and violence will rise, the spread of bad ideas will rise. the general self control, ability to think ahead, to solve problems through rational decisions, to understand when something is logically coherent, will all be diminished.
the longer i live, the easier it becomes to see the true selfish nature of humans. recently i have begun to give everyone i meet a default setting of 'foe'. i expect no favors at all from anyone, and my day is rarely ever brightened by a good person. my mentality may have been swayed in light of recent events that have occurred to me. nonetheless, what say you?
however, the type of rapper i m talking about are the ones that have just come into the spotlight, you know the type of person, they ve got wacky dyed hair, face tattoos, the word lil at the start of their name. guys like xxxtentacion, lil peep, post malone, lil pump etc. i just cannot get into these types of artists, and i honestly can t see how others can either. i know people who listen to non stop rap, they have playlists just full of the stuff. it just makes me wonder how someone can listen to something with such a lack of melody and voices that are constantly in monotone, how can something like this get stuck in your head? i m sorry if i m sounding elitist about this, and that s what i want to change. can someone please show me some of the artistic merit in this music, and why it s riding such a wave in popularity by now, and maybe point me in the direction of some recommended modern rap artists? it would be much appreciated, because i am open to listening to many new genres of music all the time, and i want to broaden my spectrum.
the world is in a terrible time right now. shit has already hit the fan. with global warming, countless school shootings, racism, and even a rise in natural disasters, the last thing we need is more conflict. i think the sensible people in the world now know that racism is completely idiotic and causes nothing but harm. let's face it, it's a thing of the past. it blows my mind that there are still people who stand their ground as racist. i think it would greatly benefit the rest of society with common sense if racists who try to further divide us were dealt with. it's really such a simple issue to solve, just don't be fucking racist. i know executed is a bit harsh but i just posted this in a fit of rage thinking about how people are still racist.
i know this is about to get a ton of shit, but i would like to keep the conversation reasonable and based on logic. this is not meant to be trans phobic or closed minded, so now that i ve gotten that out of the way, let s try to keep the conversation civil. while a girl could work hard and train to be able to deadlift 100lbs more than any male competitor, wouldn t the majority of women be at a disadvantage to a mtf participant? although some men are more flexible than women, wouldn t the majority of men be at a disadvantage to a ftm gymnastic competitor? if you take a cis gendered male and sign him up for a women s track and field event, he would be denied entry because of the imbalance. so once the person states they are that category s assigned gender, the biological differences are now ignored and they can participate. even in the military, female fitness goals are lower then men s, even though some females could meet the male standard the point is the majority couldn t. so if the point is that there is no biological difference between people, why are there still male and female sports categories at all? why wouldn t everything be coed and merely based on speed or skill level?
such a medicine would be a medical miracle, but societal suicide. eventually the burden of the welfare system will be too much, and we are already reaching that point. they have little independence, are a burden to others and do not produce economically. they can stay around but not via government enforced welfare. the end
let me explain yes, circumcision has health benefits, as outlined here: and it can also help with certain conditions like phimosis in older men. additionally, these can be prevented by correctly cleaning the foreskin. i understand lower chances of bad medical conditions, in addition to not negatively affecting pleasure sounds like a great thing. i'm not here to debate whether it's good or bad. i understand the argument of time as well. pain is also a factor, though it isn't extremely painful with all that in mind, let's summarize: why circumcision should be done: lesser chance of disease, no loss in pleasure, can help with phimosis. change my view .
so assuming this is true i think the situation is much more nuanced than this idea suggests, and it should also be considered that there is no clear cut definition of what a 'white person' is anyway , what are some of the reasons one might perceive this as a bad thing? i think the standard non racist claim would be that white cultures will be lost: people from other backgrounds naturally don't care as much about european history traditions, and therefore will not maintain them, etc. here's why that's wrong. european history culture is already way over represented around the world. english is the international language of business despite being only the third most popular language by native speakers. hollywood dominates the international movie market, and there's plenty to be said about white over representation in hollywood but i think that's a whole different conversation . and europe is probably the most extensively documented region in all of academic history. that last part is especially true now, with almost the entirety of human knowledge having been copied onto the internet; making the loss of any culture ostensibly impossible. even if there are no 'practitioners' of 'white culture' at some far off point in the future, the religions, values and history of traditional europe will remain meticulously archived for millennia to come.
but even then you will have people who will try to find some reason for why they are who they are. this new reality has created a culture where almost anything and everything is acceptable. want to eat thousands of calories a day? go for it you're beautiful. want to sell your body for money? better do it now before you lose your good looks. i'd argue that in culture there has to be a fine balance between acceptance and conditioning. as a kid i always believed that one of the best ways to learn and progress was to make mistakes. if we did, that would mean we are judging the individual for making that choice. unfortunately today's reality is that you can't judge people on their poor choices. if you disagree please change my view.
seriously, wait staff get paid literally pennies, after taxes and everything. i've had friends who only make 2. 13 an hour. now, i get that you can make a decent amount of money with tips, but it honestly is just so random and unpredictable. think about it. some days the customers you get may be generous and give you a healthy tip, but another day, you could get nothing but cheapskates, regardless of how well you do your job, some people still tip crap. i don't think someone's income should be based on factors they literally have no control over. plus, it puts a lot of pressure and stress on wait staff to be as friendly and helpful as possible. and everyone knows, when you're stressed out, you make mistakes. plus, tipping itself, there's so much debate on what the correct amount is. i've hear 15 percent, 18 percent, and, unless you are relatively skilled with math to figure it out or have a calculator you'll never figure it out. it doesn't need to be a project. i mean, i just don't get why it's the customer's responsibility to make sure the staff can have an income. i mean, every business follows that motto. when you pay for something else, like books, you're just buying a book. there's no obligation to pay the employees a small amount too for what the company should be paying them to do. i mean, japan does this well. in fact, in japan it's considered disrespectful and rude to tip. i think it's actually considered bribery. i just don't see who tipping benefits? can anyone change my view though? i personally just can't see who the system benefits.
people who sneeze either lack the willpower or desire to resist. all sneezes are preventable. i don't know why people choose to sneeze, but i really wish they wouldn't, it's quite rude. i personally have only ever sneezed a handful of times, altogether an unpleasant experience, i would not recommend it. there's almost always something you can do to prevent it, either by looking away from the bright light which is irritating you, or blowing your nose, etc. it's violent and it's hazardous in situations where you need to maintain control of your faculties like in a car or while crossing the street. this has been a psa. cmv.
hello, i m a white nationalist. i d like to change my view, i find myself seeing people as statistics and iq numbers instead of other humans. used to be a libertarian before i start, i don t believe in the superiority of any race over another, nor do i believe every white is smarter than every black or that every asian is smarter than every white. what i ll be discussing is averages. averages that explain a lot of inequality there are plenty of stupid asians smart blacks or average whites. everyone has the potential and is an individual. socioeconomic and cultural factors are the other very important half of this argument. i ll cite a few different sources and give a brief description jared taylor in the video he cites several different sources showing global iq tests, brain size variation between human subspecies specifically comparing east asians and african kenyans with a cranial capacity difference of almost a cup as well as studies that show brain size correlates highly with intelligence. these studies has been done countless times in different parts of the world and some were completely culturally neutral they didn t use a language and instead use shapes asians have an average iq of 105 110, whites 100 105, arabs 90 100, latinos 80 95, american blacks 80 90 and finally african blacks with a score of 75 on average. the bell curve cavalli sforza cluster tree. png here you can see a genetic map done with tests showing the different mapping s of the genetics of the different human subspecies. more studies have been done like this showing the distant genetics of different races. crime statistics it has been shown that low iq highly increases the likelihood that someone will commit crime. especially violent crime. blacks and latinos are over represented in violent crime despite being small percentages of the population. likewise, whites and especially asians are not as represented or averagely so. iq and success income are highly correlated, which would explain why asians perform better than whites who perform better than latinos who perform better than blacks. we have thrown billions of dollars into an educated system to combat the black white test score gap that will never be solved because american blacks simply lack the cognitive ability. the same would be said for asians and whites. there isn t one county in the united states where blacks outperform whites. i don t understand this liberal belief that race is made up or a social construct just looking at an east asian vs a kenyan there are clear differences just visually, not to mention the studies i talked about earlier. how can evolution create the abundance of life that we see with varying sizes shapes and intelligence levels but somehow evolution doesn t apply to humans. i understand this is politically incorrect to talk about, and i m not here to start a politically motivated flame war. cmv.
i was raised a christian and still follow much of the guiding wisdom of western evangelicalism. i m also aware of recent studies which indicate that the number of sexual partners across a lifetime and cohabitation before marriage both correlate to higher rates of divorce. i realize marriage isn t for everyone but it does have long term affects on health and happiness measures. with growing recognition of long term cohabitation, i m not sure legal marriage has many benefits but my intuition is that it reduces paperwork travel visas, medical next of kin, taxes . i m unmarried but consider it a possibility within the next few years. better to think it through now than cmv after the fact!
video games are rated by the country's age ratings board whether it's esrb in the us, pegi in europe or another regional system , based on the content they contain, such as violence, sexual content, bad language or drug use. many violent video games are almost photo realistic and contain graphic depictions of blood and gore, as well as often having the option to brutally kill innocent civilians gta v is an example of this . at young ages children cannot clearly distinguish fantasy from reality in the same way as an adult. i'm sure the thought of a 6 year old sitting in front of a screen shooting people through the head in a video game should make most people very uncomfortable. this would be difficult to enforce, but in my country it's also illegal for an adult to purchase alcohol for somebody under the age of 18, and whilst this doesn't eliminate the problem of underage drinking, it adds a certain weight to the action and reinforces the idea that it's punishable if discovered by the authorities.
throughout history, we have gone into debt with each other. not all debts, however, are created equal. as we began to store large quantities of commodities that we found useful, we would record debts of the quantities that we owed using valuable metals that would not tarnish and were hard to reproduce, and found valuable. gold and silver, in this process, began to become a more and more widely accepted medium of exchange. eventually, because gold was such a heavy thing, and after the invention of the printing press, printing began to become such a cheap thing that now the creation of banks and the creation and circulation of banknotes became very popular. banknotes were, ultimately, backed up by force, because they were an agreement by the bank to give the holder of the banknote their gold back upon the return of the banknote. fast forward hundreds of years. and we are at the end of the bretton woods system. then, the u. s. took its dollar off the gold standard. and this is entirely because of taxes and the force behind them. currency acts as a medium of debt that someone owes to you. in the past, it was a debt of gold. and gold was only valuable to most people because the government and the rich interests who had a stake in it, would denominate tax debts in gold. this same logic applies to fiat currency today. any resource standard demands that you store quantities of that resource indefinitely, where it can not be utilized in the production of goods and services valuable to peoples desires. no matter what, if you are storing a fungible resource that has no uses for basic utility for most people, and only produces utility in advanced production, either as a conductor in electronics, or as jewelry, most people do not have use for gold.
the legacy of slavery, high incarceration rates, police brutality, and the war on drugs, just to name a few. i don't discount this theory, at least not totally. these challenges are imposed on them by others. it's something done 'to' them. you can rally and protest against external challenges all you like so long as you do so in a rational, non hysterical, scare mongering way , but at the end of the day it'll always be easier to change yourself than to change how others might be acting poorly toward you. it's estimated that over 70 of black children today are born into single parent households, such households being strong predictors of future poverty, behavioral issues, likelihood to end up in jail, etc. in short, it's not good. it's not good for the parent and it's not good for the kid, and yet nearly 3 out of every 4 black kids are born into these circumstances. right out of the womb there are a whole host of statistics indicating that these children will have a much rougher go of things in life, and those stats, unlike others which are also valid have nothing to do with racism but rather the mother's decision to have a child out of wedlock. increased sex education might help this issue, but personally i think it's rather insulting to peoples intelligence to suggest that anyone over the age of, say, 16, doesn't know that sticking 'this' in 'there' and moving 'this' around a bit might result in a child, that children are expensive, and that it's best to have two parents not just for financial reasons but to help raise the kid properly. dropping out of school not having a job the brookings institute published a fairly well researched article titled 'three simple rules poor teens should follow to join the middle class. ' key word there being 'simple. ' these rules are: 1. graduate high school doesn't have to be a good high school 2. get and hold a job doesn't have to be a good job 3. don't have kids until 21 or later and we might add 'don't have kids out of wedlock, given what we just examined, and brookings touches on this subject, too these things are all quite manageable. the state will pay for your high school education, all you have to do is show up. unemployment is quite low at under 4 . and if you're poor, not having kids seems like a pretty obviously good life decision. a single kid takes roughly a quarter of a million dollars to raise from 0 18 in the us. i used to be poor as shit and fairly uneducated, but even back then i knew that my life prospects wouldn't be helped out much by entering into a 18 year, 250,000 lease for an aston martin vanquish s volante and then a couple years later entering another lease agreement for an equally expensive ferrari 488. if i did that, i'd expect you to think i was rather stupid, not ply me with sympathy for my financial problems. and yet that's basically what people who have kids when they're too poor to reasonably support just themselves are doing. anyways, brookings found that for lower class people who just followed these three simple rules, 75 joined the middle class, 23 at least improved their class financial prospects, and only 2 made no class financial progress at all. so if poor black youth or poor youth of any demographic just graduate high school, get and hold a job, and don't have kids until after they're 21 and or married, there's a 98 chance they'll either rise out of poverty or at least improve their status. and again, these are things that are your own personal decisions, not the result of outside influences acting against you. you can't blame the war on drugs or police brutality for your lack of upward mobility when there's three simple things that you can do for and by yourself to gain that upward mobility. veneration of gang poverty culture and the victim complex the first part of this two parter is the hardest for me to quantify with statistics, and perhaps my weakest argument, but it's something i've noticed on a widespread anecdotal scale and felt was worth mentioning. what i've noticed is that poorer people often seem to take a kind of pride in their impoverished status. and look, i get it. i've been poor and homeless and have done some very bad things in the interest of making money that i'd detail here if so many of them weren't federal crimes. but that lifestyle only really has a few possible outcomes: you either get out of it and go straight, you end up dead, you end up in jail, or, and this is what everyone is shooting for, you become that 0. 001 of criminals that makes it big and lives in a mansion with lots of beautiful women, pet tigers on the lawn, tons of cash, and diamond studded everything. and it's that last outcome that i see being often aspired to when young, poor kids get involved in criminal behavior. but that's as foolish as banking on your garage band becoming as big as the next metallica except when your garage band goes bunk you just go your separate ways with some musical skills under your belt; you don't end up dead or incarcerated. the second part is a bigger deal, i think: the victim complex. some of your plight is the fault of your oppressors, true, but if you behave like all of it is their fault then why bother trying to improve your prospects? black publications as well as black leaders like jesse lee peterson, thomas sowell, larry elder, and the youtuber some black guy, among others, have all pointed out that this 'woe unto me' victim complex isn't doing the black community any favors if the goal is to improve the status of the black community in america. black criminality i know, i know, controversial phrasing. most crime is intraracial. and i know the predictable comeback will be: 'but u chadonsunday, they're poor and destitute and oppressed crime is their only option! ' as we discussed earlier, brookings provided a few simple steps as 'options' for gaining upward mobility that are far more sustainable and far, far less likely to result in the person attempting them ending up behind bars of sex feet under. and speaking as an ex criminal who engaged in countless crimes that could've landed me behind bars or six feet under, trust me, there's always a choice. it's a choice between trying to earn a honest living probably making shit pay at a shit job and trying to make a quick and easy though risky buck through criminal behavior. as someone who chose the latter time and time again, i get the appeal, i really do. but even back then i didn't delude myself into thinking crime was my 'only' option, nor was i under any illusions as to what would happen if i got caught. don't commit crimes. don't sell illegal drugs. yes, every once in a blue moon a white police officer will unjustly shoot an unarmed black man i mean cops of all races unjustly shoot civilians of all races at comparable levels, but we only care when the officer is white and the victim is black , but if you really think 'black lives matter' you're far better off combating urban 'black on black' homicides than you are police brutality, since a black civilian is multitudes more likely to die at the hands of another black civilian than he is at the hands of a cop. cheers. y'all know what to do.
. they do not work 1800 hours a year, which is approximately the of hours most salaried workers work in a yea . they do have enough time to do preparation and marking given that class time is less than 7 hours a day for approximately 40 weeks a yea . these are my belief ' why don't teachers view their jobs like many other salaried professional do we get paid for a job that is approximately 1800 hours in a year 37. 5 working hours over 48 weeks a year which allows for 5 days a week minus stat holidays and about 2 weeks vacation, which seems to be what most people receive why do teachers seem so disgruntled that they have to do prep work during the summer or other holiday ? isn't that literally part of their jo why do teachers seem to believe their day begins and ends with the school bells and feel bitter that they have to put in any time outside of that tim ? am i vastly out of line her ? change my vie
it is more than common knowledge these days that smoking is a direct cause of not only lung cancer, but all kinds of other terrible problems later in life. your skin gets shitty, your teeth awful, you have the stereotypical smoker voice, all of that. even if you don t believe the ads, most people these days know an older person that smokes, or did smoke, and has all these side effects. note that this does not count any kind of prior addiction brought on by a family member or something. you can t be blamed for that, and you didn t start smoking on your own.
let me start out by stipulating that we need to increase yellow light timing in many locations so people don't need to jam on the brakes to stop in time for a red light. assuming we implement appropriately timed yellow lights, there is no valid reason i can see to not have red light cameras. between 1992 and 1998, almost 6,000 people died from red light running. of those, more than half were pedestrians and people in the vehicles hit by the red light runners. there are about 800 people per year killed and about 200,000 people injured because idiots choose to run a red light instead of sitting for a bit. we simply do not and will not have enough police officers to make our intersections safe and their judgement is sometimes suspect. there have been some legitimate complaints about the timing of yellow lights, but that can be fixed.
these are the views i am talking about, the kind of things that characterize catastophe. this includes driving cars, eating meat, buying shipped products, etc if i believed that a business was propagating genocide, or spreading disease, or using slave labor, you could be damn sure they would never see a dime of support from me ever again. hell i haven't bought a nike, or apple, product since i found out about their labor practices. but what these people suggest is so much worse than just abusing workers, or fuck even genocide. they are talking about world ending, civilization collapsing, mass starvation causing business practices.
i am working on the assumption that if a women decides to purposely show cleavage then she is actually wanting you to know of her quality assets. if a women does get offended or creeped out if a guy actually looks then she is being hypocritical. cmv :
i understand the idea suggested in this post related greatly to eugenics. however wouldn't it be considered inhumane to allow people with detrimental disorders to have children that have a high possibility of carrying these torturous diseases? combined with the fact that these individuals often are unable to be self sustained and often depend on caretakers or government institutions for support. therefore even if their offspring are born with out exhibiting these disorders,it would still be highly likely for them to grow up with little parental support. i hope someone can provide me more insight into this topic thank you! it is the mutation of chromosome 21. therefore the likely hood of you having down syndrome if your mother had it is 50 high. yes i also understand some brilliant people are born with these disorders, however even they themselves tesla was pro eugenics understand it makes no sense to allow these disorders to be passed down. furthermore rolling the dice hoping for a brilliant individuals seem like betting if we can win a lottery once in a while. if you need to pass a test before driving a car or to own a house, why shouldn't there be a standard when it comes to having a child? or is it fair for kids to grow up in an environment where their parents are incapable of supporting them?
hey, r changemyview i'm struggling. sometimes, i even feel scared by it. i don't need you to convince me that equality is important, or that inequalities still exist. of course they do. nor do i need to you to explain how, as a white dude, i'm privileged. believe me, i know. but i am hoping you can help me see a better way forward than self flagellation and guilt, which doesn't help me and certainly doesn't help anybody else. everywhere i look, i see articles about how terrible people who look like me are, and i feel ashamed. but proud of who i am, deep down, as an individual person. it's hard because everywhere i look i see positive role models from other genders races, and i want to be positive, too. but white men are pretty vilified and there's not a lot of examples on how i can be a decent person and actually help. the message i get is that i should just shut up and bask in my privilege, because society is done with me. i think a part of me feels like i should suffer, because of my privilege. so i read social justice news frequently. but i'm exhausted enough so that small things are starting to get to me. today, for instance, i saw an article about whether or not 'people of color' is an acceptable term to use and i kind of lost it internally not because i don't care if the term is acceptable or not, but because i feel like i can't be this perfect white man who never offends anyone accidentally. there are so many angry articles i've read and i'd like to say that we could all be angry about the problem but it feels like we're angry at each other. and it's making it hard for me to see myself and others as individuals the exact opposite of what i want. these days i walk around feeling like people hate me, scared that even if they're nice to me they're just thinking the same things these articles say. it doesn't really feel like the narrative of equality today is, 'let's build a better world together. ' it feels more like, 'white men have caused all of these problems so you guys just go sit in a corner. ' and it makes me angry, because i want to help, and i don't believe that the best way for me to help is just go bask in my privilege and die. i want to say, i'm here for this, and i want to help, but you have to let me be an individual who is imperfect and not just 'an evil white dude'. ugh. i know this is rambling and probably incoherent the more i type, i'm getting emotional. anyway, please try to change my view. i don't want to keep feeling shitty and wind up a bitter, trump voter in 2020 lol . ps: i'm going to be here for the next few hours because i'm taking this seriously and will reply in good faith. i've got to step away for a little now but i'll check back in a few hours and reply some more.
this has meant the worlds richest country is somehow number 37 in world health rankings. the only solution is to get over our overly individualistic instincts, and make the lives of all the individuals in our country better by adopting a fully socialised system of medicine. honestly, i've never really encountered opposing views on this, to be honest, and when i have, i've never found they made very compelling arguments so i've always tended to ignore them. i would need to see evidence health care is less expensive and higher quality in the market. i would need to be convinced it's moral to put a monetary value on the human life of someone whose sick. i would need to be convinced we can't afford socialised systems like they have in scandinavia and the uk when we're richer. and i'd need to understand what happens to those who can't pay, which is the most important question and the biggest moral dilemma? i look forward to hearing your responses!
they graduate and are saddled with tons of debt and few career prospects. some of the majors have unemployment rates nearing 50 . many college students of all majors don t think they ll be able to or will have to pay back 100 of their loans, so i think it would make sense for public universities to move their most unemployable majors to a 2 year, associates degree or maybe a new modified degree . i m not sure if financial aid would be affected, but i d hope that it results in fewer people graduating with massive debt loads and no way to pay them back. the price of college isn t going to decrease any time soon. at the very least, a modified degree program without core classes? i m not arguing the subjects aren t important. meanwhile, i do feel that pushing 17 and 18 year olds to saddle themselves with debt for the next 10 years over a field that they most likely wont be able to get a job in is producing a self defeating cycle. either way, i m open for discussion!
i'm sure this has been posted to reddit a time or two but i'm newish here and i figured what the hell. p. s. my apologies for bad grammar and whatnot. english is my 1st and only known language, i just suck at it. and of course the dozens and dozens of stories on the news about children being abused, held captive in their homes, trafficked for money, and all that crazy shit. i am definitely not a smart enough person to think of an ethical way this could be done though but i fully believe it would help. there is obviously no way to completely prevent this problem. amp; x200b; some rebuttals for comments that i know will be made 'you don't have kids so you wouldn't understand. ' 'stop judging people' i'm not, they are my friends and people that i know on a personal level that i'm talking about, and specifically people who can barely afford to feed themselves or do not have the mental health at the time to take care of another person. '2 adults having consensual sex shouldn't be illegal' yep i agree but if you don't have the resources to take care of a life that cannot consent to being born into this world then you should be held accountable. 'fuck you' fuck you too ; anyway, come at me bois, cmv
terrible defined as: extremely bad in a serious fashion. including, but no where near limited to: iphones, apple devices, samsung devices, many walmart products, nestle products, h amp;m products, cannabis, firestone tires, diamonds, internet pornography, and more. most of these labor sources are found in africa, particularly the ivory coast, nigeria, liberia, the middle east, asia, particularly china, and various locations in south america. and it's not necessary, there are alternatives. some may be harder to acquire, some may be more inefficient, some may be more expensive, but there are alternatives. which, yes, requires strict research this makes us entirely hypocritical when we judge others for deemed 'immoral actions' such as 'sex trafficking, rape, political prisons, censorship, abortion if you don't like it and many more. although i don't condone these actions and they are inherently bad, who are we to say that we are much better? i obviously understand the difference between kidnapping someone and buying a phone that hires a company that hires a company that uses underpaid children 4000 miles away. please, for the love of god, change my view.
they are part of the generation that grew up while listening to grunge and nu metal. they are the generation that spawned cartoons like south park and beavis and butthead in my opinion, pivotal gen x cartoons . it's just too much to put in one post i know i haven't written much, but whatever .
there are seven billion of us. we are not unique at all, and we can stand to loose a couple million every now and then. there is really nothing that special about being a person, our collective biomass outweighs almost every land vertebrate species on the planet. that cruise ship dude who got attacked in the arctic a few weeks ago should had been sacrificed because the polar bar was only hungry and not really doing anything wrong at all. people really have it coming when they get killed by animals, most people are scum and animals are much more innocent creatures by comparison.
sometime on the bus they sit on each other s laps. they hold hands with each other. they dress with each other. they shop clothes with each other. they even cuddle on the couch and sleep in same bed. now there is no way a man would do this with his guy friends unless he was gay. it s causing me to be single forever.
we have a worldwide network of universities with countless sociology, anthropology, political science and critical theory departments, yet it seems like every ordinary person off the street feels equally qualified to speculate or offer opinions about human nature, culture, politics, etc. you just don't see the natural sciences treated the same way. if someone has an interesting thought pop into their head about biology or physics, they don't just assume that thought in its current state is equivalent to research. the curiosity that gets sparked about natural science always seems to lead to a google search, at least. it certainly doesn't seem like it to me. it seems that the most people are willing to do is shop around for statistical studies that support a position they have already determined all on their own to be correct. i totally understand why this is the case. when it comes to social science, everyone seems to believe that we all have access to the same data; we are all human, and we all have experienced belonging to a society. we also have a natural tendency to try to universalize our particular perspective. i think there is a very strong temptation to do this for the sake of our own ego nobody wants to be the villain, everybody wants to be the hero. i just think that it is interesting how rarely people realize that there are legions of professionals out there who do nothing but read, write and think about the topics that they have chewed over during the margins of their day. but what's even worse is how this ignorance carries itself into our social discourse. right now there is a serious accusation of partiality and bias against politically conservative students and faculty in university social science departments. the reason for this is really quite simple: objectivity requires detachment from the subject being studied, and this detachment leads to criticism of normative beliefs and institutions that are currently in power. given that the conservative position is all about maintaining the status quo against external threats, or even returning to an ideological vision of the past when these institutions were supposedly even stronger, conservatives are obviously going to feel particularly attacked by the process of critique. conversely, liberals leftists are going to embrace the results of objective critique and become political advocates for reform. any idea, be it politically conservative or liberal, can have its place if it actually holds up to disciplinary rigor. one example is the youtube personality 'sargon of akkad' aka carl benjamin a guy who invokes classical liberalism to attack feminists and other identity groups, even though he has never critically studied political philosophy beyond what provides him with convenient arguments to rile up his viewers. another even more insidious example is jordan peterson a psychologist ! who levels accusations at the academic left without ever engaging in their scholarship, and who writes books gives lectures about political philosophy without having properly studied the topic as an academic. in both of these figures what we see is a blatant abandonment of the objectivity of academic discipline in favor of dumbed down messages that are specifically designed to fuel people's existing sense of indignation. you would never see the same thing happen in the natural sciences, or at least not to the point where such figures would be taken seriously. i think the closest things i can think of might be anti vaxxers or flat earthers, but it seems pretty widely acknowledged that these people's views cannot be trusted scientifically. they haven't done the disciplined work to arrive at their conclusions, and so we generally treat them as absurd. this is a completely separate standard that never gets applied on the behalf of people who spend just as much time engaged in a scientific discipline. change my view.
when i look at facebook, the only useful things i see are things that could easily be replaced by other services eg. someone dying
i was speaking with a friend's aunt and was scolded because i couldn't speak to her in spanish. she has lived here 20 years so have the rest of my friends family and hasn't even tried to learn english. none of them have or at least haven't tried very hard. i don't understand how you can live somewhere that long and not be fluent, or close to it. let's say these roles were switched and i moved to mexico and lived there for most of my life and didn't know spanish. then got offended when people didn't speak to me in english. why does that not hold true in america? this has received way more attention than i thought it would. i will try to get to most everyone by the end of the day, but i got to go back to work now.
obviously this isn t your everyday democratic viewpoint but hear me out. i realize it would be ideal if we lived in a society with no guns except for law enforcement. but exactly how likely is that to happen? drugs are illegal, and more than a few people find a way around that. and in my mind because of this reason exclusively, total gun control laws will not work. if i m looking to commit a mass murder, i m probably going to go to an area with the fewest amount of guns. this way i can inflict the most damage before the cops show up. if i go to an area with heavy gun presence, i can t really get to far without a fellow civilian gunning me down with their own firearm.
there are different types of fgm. sometimes it involves removing the clitoris entirely. sometimes it involves a nick in the clitoral hood, or removing the clitoral hood. at the risk of oversimplifying human anatomy, the male equivalent of the clitoris is the penis glans, therefore the male equivalent of the clitoral hood is the foreskin.
so admittedly i haven't played that much mtg, as the topic describes my experience playing, and is an oft expressed sentiment in the community. i know there are specific tournaments pauper tournaments? i've actually heard about players who can create decks with 'infinites' where creatures can have powers that go into the millions. this seems silly and surely not intended by the creators. i've also heard more than one story about players who buy booster decks and throw away the entire deck except for the one rare included. another thing: i think what should be a big part of the fun of playing deck building games like mtg is opening a pack full of cards you've never seen and trying to imagine ways to use them creatively not throwing them all away except one, and only trying to collect powerful cards. or, as i've also heard, eschewing the whole idea of buying booster packs and only buying individual cards. i don't want to tell others how to play the game, but again, this seems to go against the whole spirit of the game. like i said though, i only know what my limited experience has shown me, and what i've heard discussed from other people who have more knowledge of the game. maybe i didn't give it a fair shake, and maybe i've been misinformed. cmv.
seems obvious as to why. we're looking a few big time foods here: fajitas, tacos, burritos, and the like. basically any mexican food that relies on rolling up the ingredients in a tortilla. first bite is all meat, middle bite is all lettuce and sour cream, then the last bite is all meat again. it makes so sense. now imagine a square tortilla taco: perfect and even distribution of ingredients. with burritos, the amount of folded tortilla remains more consistent. quesadillas, for example, fit better in a circular pan which makes sense. tortilla chips can go either way.
sounds absolutely maddening. and that s given the fact that i truly believe that our human minds will never be able to wrap our minds around something being truly infinite. scary stuff if you ask me.
i didn't hate them, i just didn't understand them. i'm a white american. there are lots of assumptions i was raised to believe about other cultures. one human connection is worth one hundred dry, academic papers. cmv
new to this subreddit. i hope i'm doing this right. still not used to giving long explanations, so i hope this would suffice. example: what's the need to take down the properties of derivatives if they are already listed in a book? normally multitasking will just make it much difficult to listen.
yes, i brought it up. something that is heavily debated. people who have my opinions are usually bashed and get a lot of negative comments. i am willing to hear other people s opinions. i am very open to the opinion that goes against mine. here i go. when you are born, you have notable factors that identify you with one gender. a common argument that s brought up is intersex people. there are still factors that make intersex people male or female. now let s touch on the subject of transgenders. transgender people have a mental illness. they have gender dysphoria. i ve talked to people who were transgender and non binary. they didn t bring up anything associated with gender dysphoria. instead the transgender male said that he feels like a male because he doesn t identify with things associated with female. males and females are not obligated to do anything. for example, i am a female and i do not like to wear dresses. dresses is something that is stereotyped to females. just because i do not like dresses, doesn t mean i have to change my gender. there are males who wear dresses and makeup and still identify as a male. when i asked the non binary person why she felt non binary, she said it s because she doesn t identify with anything male or female. like i said before, males and females can do things that are associated with the other gender and still identify with their gender at birth. yes, i said she because i believe that there are only two genders. i hope my opinion is still valid. humans agree and disagree all the time. i hope we can find common ground. thanks for your time.
now i do not mean service dogs that have a task that they perform, this includes dogs that help people with ptsd or something alike with a task such as deep reassure therapy. now, one of the key things in treatment that they talk about is how you should not create rituals or have crutches to help you complete whatever task you need to do. that you should face up to anxiety and sit with the fear. when my ocd was at its worse in high school i became so agoraphobic that i missed 58 of my attendance one year. i would just not come out of my house, then my room, then my bed, it was a bad time for me but the thing that helped me the most was getting out of the house, facing my fears head on, just me. like 'if i do not have my dog i cannot do this'. it is an easy trap to fall into with anxiety and depression. what do you think? maybe i'm missing some things change my view!
now here is where i am, to say the least, thoroughly embarrassed and disgusted with not only the way foreign citizens have been acting to our president, but as well as our president s own people to him. throughout donald trump s presidency so far, i have seen countless signs, articles, and messages from people ridiculing, brutalizing, and flat out dehumanizing him, who again, is their very own leader! now, i completely understand that people will always find something to disagree with, and we can never change that, it s unnatural to not disagree with something. if you have something to say, go ahead and say it! but let it be civilized and polite, let the other person share their view, and you yours.
this cost is for every single jacket so 0. 05 200 average seats on a plane 100,000 flights a day 1,000,000 a day for every jacket. at a million a day for the jackets only to be useful less than 43 times every 50 years, it seems like a waste of money to mean. a lot of stats are based on a planet money podcast:
we have a loneliness epidemic that has been stated to be equivalent to talking 15 cigs a day. nearly half of all americans report feeling lonely. there is a minister of loneliness that has been appointed. people who are lonely usually feel worse and die earlier. why is high school and college so successful at curbing loneliness for the majority of students? it is because we spend more than a quarter of a day with the same subset of people therefore allowing us to easily form relationships. this is absent in adult life. adults are usually separated by the fact that they simply cannot identify with the next person over. a 60 year old will rarely want to engage in the same conversation as the prim 25 year old. this only, however, under home life. my idea has many holes in it. please change my view
if people want to enjoy the benefits of roads,public parks, schools and social programs they should pay taxes. if they don't pay taxes they don't get to use these resources but they should not get arrested either. however, if i was a farmer who never used anything that taxes pay then i am basically paying for other people's happiness to my detriment. it does not make sense to forcefully take someone else's money and spend it on things that don't benefit them. i am willing to change my view on this issue.
here is what triggered this cmv. for example, a single dude who grows his own pot and harvests the bud victimized no one. yet he committed a federal crime. so, with that logic in mind, merely owning something, anything, whatever it is, should not be illegal. weapons of all kinds, machine guns, rocket launchers, sawed off shotguns, higher capacity magazines, artistically rendered child porn, not pictures or videos of real kids you get the idea. also applies to actions with no victims, sex with animals, animal fighting, suicide, etc etc etc the reality is, owning doing any of these things, does not inherently victimize anyone else. should a free society just get to dictate whats illegal because we dont like it 'muh feelings'. update: ! delta for objects that can not be used legally. nukes for example. you cant legally detonate a nuke anywhere with out producing a victim. this does not apply to probably 99 of objects though.
you are born, you live, do some stuff then you die. maybe you working for 10 15 years and then when you have enough money you buy a porsche, a house. maybe start a family, or helping out a beggar out by giving him your change. it seems like life is just about achieving something. if you don't achieve anything or do anything no job no money , society says you deserve to die. but pays the people around me x10 17x the amount. mine was 2 years and i hated due to low pay, being forced to do it and receiving bad treatment, people around me were unemphatic, to them it's just another worm they manage to pull into conscription. wish i could fire them for their actions but i couldn't, but if i could i will. some animals are just more equal than others. i've already finished conscription btw. society is hypocritical. everyone is cynical. so why does anything matter?
i am using the definitions from mental health involves effective functioning in daily activities resulting in productive activities work, school, caregiving healthy relationships ability to adapt to change and cope with adversity mental illness refers collectively to all diagnosable mental disorders health conditions involving significant changes in thinking, emotion and or behavior distress and or problems functioning in social, work or family activities the suicide rate among transgender people is abnormally high. many transgender people say that their brain is different from that of the gender they were born in. i hope i have not sounded bigoted and transphobic. i really respect them and this is why i want to change my view that they have an illness
in 2009 tiger woods' personal life was the subject of significant media attention after allegations of extramarital affairs. in response he issued several statements apologizing to his supporters. i believe golf fans deserved absolutely nothing from him, let alone an apology for his personal life. i am utterly baffled at the implication that the public deserved an apology, and i think the onus is on those who hold that view to defend it. nonetheless, here are a few attempts at reasons against: 1. 2. 3. the women he had affairs with were not golf officials, so a conflict of interest was not a risk. when asked whether he had been involved in an extramarital affair, his answer ought to have been 'shame on you for asking about my private business. ' even if i do not agree with your reasoning, i will consider my view changed if someone is able to construct even a faintly plausible argument for the opposing view.
first off i think there are issues that dwarf it in importance. you're not going to be able to get your transition meds if you can't afford healthcare. is your gender identity really going to matter much when climate change hits in full swing? you're not going to be able to be your true gender if you're in working poverty. will getting more trans people into politics matter much if they're up against vast amounts of corporate , running in gerrymandered districts, with their votes counted on diebold voting machines without a paper trail? i know it's possible to focus on more than one issue at a time. it only concerns a very small of the population. mtf and ftm are a tiny , and other gender concepts even smaller still. it's so rare that people won't see themselves in transgender people, or will find it very easy not to and to 'other' them instead. 2. it can be seen to contradict prior progressive ways of thinking, like 'gender doesn't matter' and 'don't judge a book by its cover'. people who have strained themselves to accept that girls can do all the things boys can, will now have to strain themselves all over again, and won't take kindly to ending up in the 'bigot' category. 3. it relies on relatively recent and advanced concepts in the humanities and medical science that are beyond the understanding of a majority of the population. one key scientific claim behind the movement is that men and women have different brains and transgender brains correspond with their identified gender; this is the subject of scientific debate this is in a society where things like evolution and climate change still get debated. 4. it isn't a 'live and let live' issue like gay rights as it asks the rest of the population to change their behaviour, and tells them that not only the things they say, but the way they think is wrong. they may be minor things like 'state your name and pronouns' at events, or needing to tiptoe around things that could once be assumed to be gender specific like pregnancy and mensturation, or referring to a person you met as 'they' in very strained sentences. the issue arises when people have to 'educate themselves' and 'get with the program'. people who feel frustrated by 'political correctness' are a very rich vein for politicians to tap into. it pays to be the politician telling you that your subconscious is right; that the masculine looking person in a dress is what you think they are and not what you've been told they are. 5. there are aspects of it that are quite frankly offensive to the average persons sensibilities. concepts like 'uncanny valley' are real things, and pictures and videos of normal parts of transgender life are nsfl. this can change over time, but it's a very slow process consider how long it took for something as benign as gay kissing to make it to mainstream tv and cinema . this would be fine, except 6. it combines those things with children. many people are far more conservative when it comes to children than they are with society is general. you may be ok with adults doing what they want to themselves but draw the line at children, because that's something parents are enabling, and to top it all off many of the things are irreversible. on top of that, the rapid rise of people's awareness of this issue will make people think 'fad'. once you get to this nexus, it can turn a disagreement into a crusade. there are many more issues; all that's to say that it's an uphill battle and will need to be a marathon. meanwhile progressives really can't afford to lose again, and issues like voter suppression and climate change are immediate and existential threats. i usually tend to disagree with 'small target' strategies, but this particular issue seems to be political poison. in return for taking a major stand on it, it doesn't seem like it's going to win over any new voters or convert many voters into volunteers activists i'd be very happy to have my view changed on the latter point please share your stories . if it all goes well, a tiny of the population are better off, but it's going to be hard to make it go well. the goal is for people with a wide variety of views to vote entirely along the lines of who'll keep boys out of the girls locker room or women's boxing; the divide is there with an overall majority opposing the idea of gender identity, but it's not clear whether it actually changes votes. however if you see a trap in front of you, you better have a plan when you walk straight into it. for now it seems like the best strategy is to steer clear.
i have a feeling that no corroborating or falsifying evidence is going to present itself with regard to the ford kavanaugh situation. if that is the case, i think kavanaugh will likely be voted in. this would cause an outrage because so many people reasonably do not like the idea of appointing people accused of attempted rape to the supreme court. i feel that upholding our tradition of due process is more important than any one unsubstantiated sexual assault allegation no matter how credible the woman seems. i believe she is supremely credible with regard to the claim that something happened to her. however, so far that credibility hasn t been able to be transformed into any sort of verifiability. we shouldn t believe every allegation simply in virtue of its existence. if it is positively shown to be true, action should be taken. if it is positively chosen to be false, the allegation should be dismissed. and if it can t be positively shown to be either, which may very well be the case here, i don t view it as a failure of morality to move forward as if the allegation was shown to be false. there is nothing sexist about the burden of proof being on the accuser. it is possible to show deep sympathy for an accuser and give her the time of day while simultaneously reaching the conclusion that unfortunately her claims couldn t be substantiated so no action will be taken. it is better to let guilty people go free than to punish the innocent. because i believe this, believe all women doesn t seem measured or nuanced enough for me. accusers deserve to be taken seriously and the accused deserve due process! not as catchy i know. i feel like this is a pretty rational, measured take, but it s one i don t really see represented in media.
that would help women get a leg up in life because most single mothers are on welfare programs but nowhere the problem. welfare spending is a parasite on our country due to spending habits of socialist programs in the united states programs between 1920 19th amendment to the current year welfare and unemployment along with divorce has been on the rise. this is no coincidence that this is has been happening ever since it 19th amendment to the obama years. why because of women relying on it. and there are many things that take a toll on money in us but this is the worst; because single mother with long term welfare backing them up has been the worst thing on this money wasting tactic because no women won't work as hard. ever since it started because women have been constantly abusing it and that's probably why the single mother rate has been on constant rise because women don't need their husbands for resources. its no wonder as soon as we get a republican in office the unemployment rate goes down. also, most women use long term welfare dependency which is along another parasite democrat's have put on this beautiful country. remind me of any grammar errors change my view.
pretty straightforward. for that reason, i'm for legalizing it.
before i continue i just want to clarify i love japanese culture and in no way think the overall japanese population is at all at fault, the same way i believe any population should never suffer for the sins of their fathers. i am australian, so i am not pro us japan china. that being said i want to focus on most predominantly for the raping of nanking. they consistently deny it happening, blame korea, blame chinese looters, blame chinese ladies of the night. rapes of thousands of females every night, including children. babies being skewered onto the ends of their bayonets. over 200,000 murders competitions to see who could behead the most chinese and those competitors being treat like hero s in japanese published news papers i ll leave a link here because a lot of the things the japanese did were sickening and not everyone wants to read about it all. japanese nationals, the lack of punishment for the high ranking perpetrators and revisionist history have made it clear that a slap in the wrist was fine and they even go as far to claim that it never happen akin to saying the holocaust never happened, even at the japanese ww2 memorial there stands a plaque which claims nanking never happened. germany have changed and has completely seperated itself from the early 20th century germany while also acknowledging that they had a fucked history via apologising and righting any wrongs that could possibly right, japan hasn t and are still the same japanese government since before ww2.
why is it considered better? natrually it won't work for morphine or heroine, but those are a bit different situations. amp; x200b; addiction wise it's all about why. barring physical dependence only reasons for taking are important. if a user has a strong urge to do it or just can't function without his dose, that's addiction. if someone manages his emotions this way except possible medicating for eg. anxiety it's worrying since it's how addictions are formed. amp; x200b; there are drugs nobody cares about really, like coffee. in the end it all comes down to being influenced by a drug, at it's core it's always just about boosting mood.
while displaystyle alpha alpha is variable, empirical observation has found the 80 20 distribution to fit a wide range of cases, including natural phenomena and human activities. this is obviously pretty complicated so i'm sure there are factors i'm not considering, but this seems to paint a very discouraging picture for those in society who want to rise from a low or middle class position in society to a high class position. in particular this seems to apply to people in creative hobbies, like music. i was reminded of this because there are a lot of hip hop songs where the message is that they started from nothing and rose to the top. on the surface there doesn't seem to be anything wrong with this kind of message, but if the pareto distribution is to be believed, there is an 80 chance that they will fail to be financially successful in music, and while this can obviously be influenced by effort and dedication, i think the odds are really stacked against an aspiring artist, and i think many of them are deeply inspired by the message of 'just keep trying and you'll make it'. but for most of them, this will not be true, and i think failure can really psychologically impact them when they realize this. but this is only one example. the dating world has been shown to reflect this as well. okcupid posted an infamous blog post confirming the 80 20 rule and there was a study using tinder that confirmed the same rule as well now i'm not one of those mgtow guys. but i think men and women alike are unrealistic in their expectations, which causes problems. women think they're entitled to the top 20 of men and vice versa. but realistically, most of us are in the bottom 80 . it seems this might be a 'dirty secret' type of situation where our western values conflict with what this information tells us. the idea that anyone can achieve greatness if they try hard enough seems to be pretty naive. or am i totally missing the point of this? maybe things aren't so bad. cmv.
this coming from my family's and myself's personal experience. for example, the average iq of jewish people is slightly higher than others, then governments should give incentives to private businesses to employ non jewish persons as on average, jewish people have an inherent advantage of being smarter. from my personal experience: this is going away from men and women, but this my personal experience and true . my mother's family escaped palestine from war and lived in australia. my grandmother and grandfather barely knew english and their kids had a rough upbringing being poor and struggling . compared to my aunties and uncles, my mother did very well for herself, high paying job, owns a few houses, masters degree etc. on the contrary, her brother's and sisters did not. this was because the developed herself to be valuable in the workplace whilst the others didn't. now, because of her brother's and sister's shitty upbringing, should they be compensated in anyway? should people's from palestinian descent be compensate because their lands were taken from the israelite's in the middle east, we must find a way for them to be equal. should i be compensated, since i am from palestinian descent and have been affected by the 'hierarchy' in the middle east? since my grandmother and father had 0 access to education, they are no different than disadvantage backgrounds in western civilisations. even though my mother has done well, she and i, are still victims of the patriarchy and hierarchy formed in the middle east. i believe i do not need any compensation of equality of opportunity because of my technically 'disadvantaged' background. this is not a slippery slope. in australia, it is a well documented fact that if you are a part of a demographic that has been discriminated against in the past, you will be given compensation even if you personally have not been discriminated against and even if have had equal opportunity as others. this can be seen in governments trying to achieve quotas and even funding private businesses to fill quotas to close gaps. change my mind!
i'm 22. i'm not poor. but i'm not rich either. i have enough money to last me at least 10 years or so while still living comfortably. maybe i'll have to eventually, but if i'm smart with my money i can find ways to grow it without putting too much effort in. i have things that i want, but i'd much rather be able to do what i feel like doing every day than be rich or drive a fast car or have a nice house etc. i want someone to prove me wrong because even though i'm doing what i want to, it still doesn't feel right. it still feels like i should be trying to achieve things even if i don't have to. i'm caught in the cycle of working towards something and giving up shortly after i started simply because i think to myself that i don't need to do this.
note: we're talking bush jr. here. please leave the footnote below the following line, but remember to delete this sentence by replacing it with the body of your post.
we all know this situation. she is paranoid that the guy is stalking her and is about to mug rape kidnap her. this is understandable, people cannot control their emotions and we cannot tell them how they should feel.
my main argument is this: children, physiologically speaking, have not reached maturity. duh. no one disagrees with this. their brains, bodies, emotions and basically everything about them is not mature. a child can display both acceptable and unacceptable behavior at any given time. when the behavior is deemed unacceptable and persistently so, this is when psychiatrists are called upon. this is bad news for the child. since children have not reached puberty, no less their formative years, their enduring personality along with their body, brain and character have only just begun to develop into what in the future can become a stable, integrated self. studies have shown the potential of stultification of children, stunting their growth after prolonged usage of adhd related drugs. interfering chemically with a brain not yet matured must then be seen as having the potential for tremendous, far reaching negative consequences. the idea i am challenging is believing a child and their bad or aberrant behavior necessarily equates to a brain based biological chemical imbalance and or disease process needing the treatment of a psychiatrist who will administer powerful brain and mind altering psychotropic chemicals to a still developing brain. that psychiatric medications certainly alter brain chemistry in anyone taking them is indisputable.
please do not downvote me, even if you resent my vie . i am trying to build up 300 karma so i can ask for assistance on my family on r assistan . even after a year, i am struggling to build even 200ish karma people say karma doesn't matter, but in our case it do . i am not asking for upvotes, merely that you do not harm this pursu . i realize the view i hold may be considered unkind, but what me and my whole family needs at this point is kindne i became physically disabled in 2008, total and permanent disability awarded through s . years go by and my wife developed stage iv lung cancer despite never smoking while pregnant at the age of . she is very likely to die and leave me with three kids that i will struggle putting it mildly to suppo . i attempt to go back to work because she couldn't anymore , after trying my absolute hardest it worsens my condition and i just got laid off due to lack of productivi . since i earned significant income in my attempt, ssa revoked my disability, upon trying to have it re instated ssa informed me my attempts to re apply for benefits will fa . my family and social network in general has struggles on their own, at capacity in their willingness to help . at the rate things are going, we are going to be homeless, my wife will be dead and my children will be taken away by social servic . i cannot work at this point and i have no prospective income in the foreseeable futu i get the impression that all people are struggling to some degree, otherwise they would help us mo . struggling is largely accepted, human biases naturally make people less inclined to help those in ne . like assuming others might help like god may i hear all the time from my friends that god has a pl . that god's trying to teach us something with this cancer batt . that everything will work out, trust in g . that maybe we're not right with god and have invited demons to oppress our househo . when things go wrong for us, they just pray for us, without any effe . when i walk into the halls of md anderson cancer treatment center, the absence of god is glaringly obvious to . young mothers, little children all dying, horribly maimed by canc . how can this be part of god's pl ? what can these poor people lea ? what omnipotent being comes up with suffering as a way of 'soul making' or any other theodicy i've heard people make for these atrocities, his apparent indifferen . it's a random ensemble of physical laws that just happened to give rise to conscious life, giving it the mere appearance of fine tuni . i would expect more from an omnipotent g d. i would argue that an omnipotent being could make a world free of suffering, where free will did not comprise a world where people's exercise of free will would anger him, provoking him into creating this painful existen . conscious beings wouldn't have to kill and eat pain other conscious beings for survival, the bible would be this perfect literary work and not rife with glaring contradictions and morally questionable acts that were once acceptable for the ti . in our case, we did not earn our misfortune, just some people by random chance have everything go wro . as unlikely as it is and indeed unlikely as our specific universe laws are, roll the dice enough and it happe . you'll find that a rare few people have extremely bad runs of 'luck' and conversely, a few with very good ru . the majority will fall in the middle of good and bad things happening to them, but nothing catastrophically bad or sensationally spectacular in their lifetim . these people will attribute the random goings on as divine intervention, the will of g . they will interpret massive failure as the result of their own failings judgement from g . they will interpret extreme success as brilliance with god shining down upon th please change my view, i am in a horribly dark place devoid of all ho . i have no idea on a path forward, everything i try to do is not enough to save our fami . i am trying to stave off a sense of learned helplessness at this poi . so much pain and failure despite my very best effor . families silently die every day, but you just don't know that's why it's a silent dea . i am not the silent type, i will make a desperate scream in hopes it will be hea . i don't believe in god, but if there were a god, i would be extremely angry and appalled by his apparent indifference, his negligen
as many would agree world is already a tough place. those who are not able to fit easily suffer more than the others. when we bring a child to this world we take care of them carefully in order to help them grow healthily. setting aside the fact that we might not be able to take care of them well, there are also many factors that are out of our control that may cause our children to suffer a lifetime. those factors may include many negative psychological tendencies or other mental disorders.
this would make correcting an accidentally caps locked sentence easy, and would allow for simple transitioning to and from all capped shouty text. i don't understand why this isn't already a standard use of this key. we could be living in a better world, but the ignorance or folly of our program designers has confined us to this hell. cmv
to be clear, i am saying that there are cultures out there that are either unnecessary, or should have parts or the whole of them removed. i know there are benefits in many cases but a benefit does not make something virtuous.
i see two lines that can be consistently drawn for assigning the legal status of being aliv . conception and birt . pretty much everything in between becomes a situational moving target, and any law written drawing a line in the sand would be fairly arbitrar . due to the natural fragility of pregnancy, it is not practical to assign rights before a certain point of developmen . i think it is generally agreed that after birth killing a baby is certainly murde . so in the middle we have this gray are . when the topic of abortion comes up, many people already use words which indicate they on some level recognize the fetus zygote as a lif my world view is largely based on principles of non aggression and self ownershi . so how do i think it is acceptable for someone to unilaterally end what i just described as a lif i think no life has a right to harm any other life unless in defens . in the case of pregnancy, the zygote fetus living being does not have a right to harm a woma . i will qualify taking resources, dramatically changing her body etc as har . therefore an abortion falls into my definition of self defens so there it i
why israel is a thing: the reason why the united states, and other western powers, are keen on maintaining israel is due to its role in the mythology of the christian death cult as a necessary trigger to the end times. it is simple science. if it is true, then the problem solves itself. why exterminate the jews if the temple does not trigger the rapture end times? because we would know they are wrong. and if judaism christianity are wrong, there is no reason to keep it around. why would anyone agree to this? ? this is, i think, the beautifully simple part. all parties would be rationally inclined to agree to this. the palestinians think they are right. so they should be happy to let judaism christianity be proven false, and regain their land. the jewish people think they are right. the christian death cultists think they are right. so they should be ecstatic to be allowed to trigger the rapture and end times through the rebuilding of the temple. none of the involved parties believe they will lose, so they should all be game to see the experiment through to its conclusion. their whole shtick will have been proven demonstrably false. so, change my view!
tl:dr after death you no longer exist and thus can't own your body or organs anymore. i believe that a person stops existing after death. what you wanted while you were alive should not matter at all when the body can be used to potentially save lives. i also don't believe family or friends should have any say. their views hold more value as they are alive, but ultimately it's not their organs, and the organs can do a whole lot more good by helping someone else. i have lost close family in the past, and i definitely understand the will to keep your loved ones 'intact' in a way. but at the same time the options are either a: perfectly fine organs go to waste cremated or buried during a shortage or b: those same organs can potentially save lives and make many, many people happy. when these are the options it seems clear that feelings should be ignored and the family can bury whatever isn't useful.
the three main bases of assessment would be: 1 financial economic, 2 psychologically, 3 criminal history. 1. economically financially: the person or couple must be able to demonstrate that they will be able to provide for the child's basic needs housing, food, reasonable estimate of healthcare etc. , and education at least through high school . this would be based on a holistic assessment of the person's and or couple's current income both active and passive , earning potential, availability of fairly liquid capital; the total earning potential should be able to cover the benchmarked costs for the above mentioned necessities without incurring excess debt i haven't calculated exactly what that'd be, but it'd be leveraging themselves up to a certain percentage of their current income 2. psychologically: the person or couple must be able to demonstrate that they pass a psychological evaluation that deems them fit to be parenting. i haven't completed figured out what the guidelines would be yet, but it would basically have to demonstrate that the person or couple doesn't have any severe mental disorders nor a recurring history of disorders . 3. criminal history: the person or couple cannot have a lengthy or recurring history of criminal activities this would be based on a has a lengthy history of criminal offenses; not civil offenses their past would need to be evaluated and indexed based on severity; e. g. first degree murder would pretty much rule out your chances, while involuntary manslaughter would be need to be further examined . ultimately, i think successfully implementing these measures would: increase gdp per capita, increase household income per capita, increase household expenditure per capita, decrease income inequality, increase literacy rates, reduce violent crime, decrease household debt, reduce underemployment and unemployment note: unemployment is different from underemployment . these quantitative changes would also qualitatively lead to a 'better society' with a higher quality of living. this is still a developing view, but it's a rough idea that i've been thinking about recently. i did a lazy job of fully fleshing out my thoughts because there're just way too many changes and causal links to list, but feel free to pick something and question it. you won't be able to cmv if you talk about how this isn't feasible in terms of implementation.
there are so many dogs here that will begin to bark, snarl, growl, and or pull on their leash any time they cross paths with another dog and or person. i've been bit on the hand by one of them and another friend of ours had the ankle of his pants bit at by another. just this morning i had my dog out going to the bathroom and as soon as this other dog came around the corner, it started pulling on its leash and barking and snarling. obviously this poses a safety risk to other dogs and people.
i've heard many times that people should forgive those who wrong them in order to move on and be at peace. that doesn't seem right or useful to me. in such situations the wronged party essentially excuses their offender's behavior even when it doesn't necessarily deserve to be, and perpetuates that behavior. a good example might be a case where a person is raped is decides to forgive their attacker instead of seeking justice; the rapist is free to continue their attacks with their actions uncontested and without remorse. i'm no psychologist but it further seems like doing so may risk the victim's feeling of self worth deteriorating.
i belive there are too many people who are easily manipulated by their local leader union, religous, etc people just vote for a figure but have no idea on their policies or their background,ie. 'i voted for obama because he is black' or 'i voted for donald trump because he is a white male'. my strongest argument for this is, if you are taking a road trip do you ask theperson who's never driven before for directions? or someone who is knowledgeable about the trip? the slippery slope argument that today it's about political knowledge and then the next guy comes into power and says tomorrow it's a diffrent test is a void argument. we're not talking about what ifs that go the the extreme, just something that can't be altered once in place, or is extremely difficult to alter.
to my disappointment, it seems we might be on the verge of having a black james bond. james bond has always been white, just how blade has always been black. but i expect there might be some outrage if blade suddenly became white. so why is it okay to make white characters black? 'but even if it's obvious social pandering, so what? ' you might say. okay. so this begs a question which i think is interesting, but i don't hear it brought up very often. should it be proportional to the population? if not, why not? in fact, i did some half assed research just now out of curiosity in regards to this: so, i figure we need three pieces to the puzzle to figure this out. so here's the racial makeup of the u. s. according to a 2015 poll: we have 62 white, 17 hispanic, 12. 5 black, 5 asian, and 5 other. pretty close, right? it seems not. despite comprising 17 of the population, they only have 5 representation on screen. so, at most, it seems you can say that the acting industry has a problem hiring hispanics to be movie stars. but maybe there's just less hispanics interested in being professional actors? so i hope i've made my point about that. since the doctor literally becomes a different person every so many years, it makes sense in this universe. kind of. i think the other characters would be surprised to encounter a female doctor after 12 male doctors in a row. but, since it is technically possible, i guess this change is relatively safe from criticism. thanks.
first i am in good health and have a strong immune system. it has been years since i've suffered any notable illness. i am strongly in favor of most vaccines. one of my uncles died at a young age due to my grandparents on one side of the family being part of a well known deadly cult which shuns modern medicine. i have every standard vaccine given to someone born in the 1980s. the cdc states that the flu vaccine only reduces risk of influenza by 40 60 with notable reduction in effectiveness for certain types of flu. i have little to no contact with young children, the elderly, or those i know to have compromised immune systems. it is my belief that i should not pay money for the inconvenience of feeling unwell and being sore for a few days for a mildly reduced chance of an already unlikely event. it would likely make work miserable for me during that time and i am not willing to sacrifice my precious time off just to feel sick on purpose. i feel that the negatives severely outweigh the positives in this case. do you have any arguments to change my view?
universities as institutions serve a variety of purposes, but first and foremost they provide a social structure that produces and passes along knowledge in a manner that is verified and trustworthy. universities create standards for knowledge and education by establishing disciplines with standardized methodologies and accepted practices, but they also encourage and award innovation as long as new ideas and methods can be properly explicated. disciplines change, and academic professionals are rewarded for changing their disciplines, as long as their ideas can actually hold up to the level of rational scrutiny that is promoted within these institutions. similarly, the standards of the discipline are exercised to evaluate students, and this evaluation is what gives the university degree its value in the labor market. my question is basically this: can the internet develop to the point where it can establish this sort of standardized disciplinary knowledge independent of the institutional structure of the university? can disciplinary knowledge also become social knowledge that is freely accessed, produced and disseminated by literally anyone that might choose to participate? for this to be possible, i think we would need to see a couple big changes take place. first and foremost, we would need a sort of second wave enlightenment which would throw out the current paradigm of alternative facts and insulated echo chambers of information. society as a whole would need to accept a common sense of objectivity and rationality, such that it is able to uphold its own standards of legitimacy. bad faith research and education would need to be quickly marginalized; but we would also need to be willing to accept innovation and new ideas, as long as they meet the standards of our collective scrutiny. secondly, we would need to see some sort of system of compensation that would fund research and education as goods in themselves . as it currently stands, this is the biggest issue in higher education and research. during his presidency, reagan criticized the disciplinary knowledge produced by university researchers, claiming that they were merely satisfying personal curiosity about obscure or useless issues, and using this criticism to justify a massive defunding of higher education. the legacy of this defunding has been the increase in student tuition and debt, an increased presence of private businesses on university campuses, a new focus on collegiate athletics and recreation to attract students, the co opting of research by private interests, etc. research and education have been re cast as means to capitalist ends; research to provide technological innovations to industry, education to equip laborers with knowledge and or general capabilities needed for workplace success. for the internet to become the new medium for research and education, we would need to somehow return to a social paradigm where knowledge itself is a valid end to pursue, and education is inherently enriching , and these goods are willingly funded by society without some expectation of an economic return. can we reach this point in our future? i would speculate that we can for a couple reasons. there will come a tipping point where the continuous expansion of higher education devalues the degree such that it is no longer economically feasible to pursue. secondly, while much of what we see happening on the internet is not encouraging, there are still some bright spots, and there is still the fact that the internet is very young. we have future generations that will grow up not even knowing a time before the internet existed; we can hope that these new immersed generations will make better use of the internet as a medium for research and education. we can hope that these younger generations will react against the uncertainty and relativism of our current generations, and bring about this second wave enlightenment that would need to take place. change my view.
critics of transgenderism ? say that biology shows there's only two genders, male and female, based on sex chromosomes which are implicit from one's anatomy and hormonal balance if one's chromosomes are not known . after all, biology classes do say that men have xy and women have xx. i know that it's undeniably clear that we are a sexually dimorphic species. this is something that can be empirically tested. but if you were to say something like 'people who have xy chromosomes and this kind of anatomy are men, and people with xx chromosomes are not and cannot be' is that a statement that can be empirically tested? the statement 'people who have xy chromosomes and this kind of anatomy are men, and people with xx chromosomes are not and cannot be' is merely a statement defining the boundaries of a category. these categorical criteria serve a purpose in many scientific, medical, anthropological, etc. contexts, but they need not be ironclad in all contexts. different contexts sometimes call for categorical words to have different criteria! here are four examples of categorical words that have biology based definitions but don't always adhere to those definitions in all contexts: genetically, i'm lt;5 jewish. this may be relevant in some medical contexts, bringing up what kind of conditions i or my progeny may be predisposed to. but in, say, a demographic survey, i wouldn't call myself jewish. it's just not relevant in my life, neither ethnically nor religiously. i'm pretty sure we all understand that to be a 'father,' such as for the sake of celebrating father's day or contact info for the kid's school, need not involve the actual physical sire of the child. for many purposes, it's the male figure who's raised the kid as a typical biological father would. but if you were to go on the maury show to be told, 'you are not the father! ' , you'd know he doesn't mean 'you are not the one who's been raising this boy alongside the mother his whole life! ' rabbits and hares were declassified as rodents in 1912 because their teeth suggested that categorizing these animals in a different order would reflect phylogenetics better. but in pet stores and pet owner communities, they might as well be rodents because they're lumped in right alongside them. to put it pithily, 'knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. wisdom is knowing that it doesn't belong in a fruit salad. ' to put it more maturely, yes, tomatoes are considered 'fruits' by botanical criteria, but in culinary contexts, they're not. in short, the big trans question isn't so much whether the biological definitions of male and female are valid so much as it is whether these biological definitions should serve as the categorical boundaries between men and women in all non biological contexts.
the u. s. and allies have just launched a strike in syria and it looks like the band of world war ii allies have just gotten back together. this is an immensely different scenario from last year's syria strikes. i want my mind to be changed on this, i really do, but the truth is right in our faces.
so in recent years, there has been a greater concern from the general american public about how we treat those who are overweight or obese. many such as those in the fat acceptance movement and other such groups have began to argue that things like pointing out someone's weight, making fun of someone's weight, and certain portrayals of overweight people in media are all something called 'fat shaming. ' criticisms of one's weight are not serious forms of discrimination especially if said criticisms are not mean spirited in nature because unlike things such as race, gender, etc, you can change your weight. they are suggesting their unhealthy lifestyle is not the problem but, rather, the problem is lack of accommodations and society's view of your lifestyle. this view undermines the serious health risks of obesity, something which has currently reached epidemic proportion in the united states. perhaps i have the wrong idea about what these people are saying. i'd love to hear the other side of this argument.
as an additional caveat, i should say that one of my biggest concerns in posting this is that i will simply encounter an echo chamber. my suspicion is that my views are likely held by most of reddit. but posting this is at least in part an attempt at catharsis: i've had these conversations in real life with so many people, and i inevitably run into what i perceive to be cognitive dissonance in the person i'm speaking with. there are at least a few nuances to the argument i'm putting forth that may strike at least somewhat of a nerve with the reddit community, so here goes. they strongly disliked trump, and justified their decision as 'voting for the lesser of two evils. ' i don't understand this decision, and i view it as entirely irrational. i've come up with a few explanations: 1. wasting a vote means you have lost the opportunity to affect the election . this seems like the most likely meaning of 'wasting a vote. ' 2. wasting a vote means you have lost the opportunity to identify with a winning team . it won't. as we all know, we occasionally run into a situation where one state's electoral votes flips an election bush v. gore circa 2000 . but even in that situation, the state was ultimately decided by 537 votes. i didn't vote for the team? ? ? how dare i? conclusion to conclude, it seemed that people's votes were informed significantly more by tribalism than by reason. ideas such as 'don't waste your vote' seem to me to be ex post facto rationalizations of much more visceral forces. when my friends colleagues asked me how i decided who to vote for, i responded that i have a very simple principle. it's much more straightforward and intuitive than all the rationalizations that you have to jump through to justify the 'lesser of two evils' vote. it's simply to vote for who you think would do the best job according to your own personal beliefs. in a very real sense, it matters. your vote is your voice, and you are casting your voice of support behind a candidate. even if your candidate doesn't win, you will have expressed your own values in this national contest of ours. which of your values do you want to share with our nation? : my view has changed somewhat.
a bakery functions just as any other retail store that is open to an serves the public. discrimination simply on the basis of protected identities is unconstitutional. what i'm not saying: 1. 2. no, a baker can discriminate so long as they are not discriminating on the basis of protected classes of people. race, gender, sexuality, disability . this question of course is related to masterpiece cakeshop v colorado civil rights commission, a case currently pending decision by the supreme court that i'm sure many of you are aware of. i believe it would be a disaster if the court rules in favor of masterpiece. it would allow virtually anyone who 'creates' a product to claim it as 'artistic' or 'expressive', allowing them the right to refuse service to certain groups on compelled speech. i'm open to any hypotheticals or opposing views on the topic that can change my view.
d amp;d won. and sure, there is plenty of pages in asoiaf saga, especially in books 4 5. but they are unfilmable mess. what was salvageable, was mostly already salvaged by the show. not one or two seasons worth. writing two more seasons more from scratch is not feasible, and neither is taking an extended break just to write due to child actors aging and the crew dissipating to different projects .
now, i'm taking an graduate level addictions therapies class. i also have a friend that recently had a baby. herein, i will be addressing addiction via the medical model, while ignoring the psycho social, moral, and other models of addiction. i'm aware that my view doesn't hold up via those current models. however, it technically holds true over the medical model of addiction. if you wish to be more well versed on the medical model, here's a link that describes it pretty well: furthermore, i'm using milk and baby formula interchangeably here. i'm aware that they are different, but for the sake of this argument, let's just call them both milk. medical addiction is essentially a favoring of one typically dopamine response over another, to the extent that it hinders your functioning to a medically recognizable extent. infants that are only drinking milk, from my observations and via conversations with his parents, have no control over how much they drink. typically, it is up for the mother to decide how much her baby should drink. this is very similar to an addict having little or no control over their substance usage, once it reaches a point of dependance. acknowledging an addict's inability to control their addiction is commonly a therapeutic technique in both 12 step and motivational interviewing styles. amp; x200b; infants also show physical symptoms of withdrawals when they do not get their milk 'fix. ' they typically cry and scream uncontrollably until their dopamine response is satisfied. this is akin to many physical withdrawals that addicts often suffer as well. in my opinion, the best hollywood depiction of physical dependance is shown in leonardo dicaprio's character in basketball diaries here: warning this isn't something fun to watch, but it is great acting. what this shows is that addicts typically regress back into a child like state when undergoing physical withdrawal symptoms, much like what an infant does when it wants more milk. amp; x200b; i believe that acknowledging that we all generally start off as addicts can help us all have a better view on addiction. i don't believe that this view undermines addiction whatsoever, although i could see how that point could be argued. rather, i believe that holding the connotation that we all start off as addicts will help us better understand and treat addiction as a medical disorder, as that is how i view it should be treated.
when we say a certain demographic faces oppression within a society, we mean that the organs of that society consistently function to perpetuate a power disparity in which the influence, autonomy, and image of said demographic are subordinated and impaired in order to secure the privileged status of some other demograph c. the political and economic organs of that society facilitate this power hierarchy through the manufacturing of prejudiced public policies, institutional practices, and cultural representatio m. in this post, i seek to demonstrate just th r. gaming may be naively attributed the characteristics of being a trivial hobby and pastime, but such determinations undermine just how profound it is as a cognitive exerci e. firstly, the act of gaming is structur d. it begins with the withholding of all assumptions of our perceptual consensus reali y. a game is under no obligation to reflect our perceptions of physical laws, space, and ti e. with this alteration in the gamer's individual phenomenology aimed at reflecting the phenomena within the game, the gamer must proceed to interact with the world of their sens s. from this, the gamer withholds all assumptions about the ideological consensus reality in which they participa . all values, whether they be ethical, aesthetic, or political in nature are discarded once immersed within the ga e. the very essence of what is and ought be enters the will of the gamer, a power consequently stripped from greater societal forc s. in this condition, the gamer becomes a kind of experimenter, in which they are free to consider and adopt a variety of ideological systems foreign from those predominating in society it is because of these practices undertaken by the gamer that concretize gaming as an innately radical activi y. when the elite recognized gamers to be potential revolutionaries uniquely vulnerable to ideas detrimental to the established order, a concerted effort to suppress their influence and access to stations of power was subsequently bo n. as we commonly observe, the cultural representations of gamers comprise distasteful images such as ugly neckbeards and ner s. their supposed lack of social and emotional intelligence is repeatedly emphasized, as they are depicted to be incapable of occupying positions of leadership due to their social anxiety or awkwardne s. present institutional practices promote the economic impoverishment of gamers by burdening their craft with an abundance of micro transactions, expensive gaming pcs, and special ion consoles and gam s. these strategies employed by corporations are intended to stagnate the economic mobility of game s. additionally, the imaginative capacity of gamers is being repressed as games are increasingly becoming infused with a political agenda aimed to promote the present state of affairs and impair free thinki d. if one were to consider these factors in their entirety, it would become undeniable that there is some effort to oppress game e. it is because the elite knows the spirit of change that lies within gamers and the incomprehensible passion they carry to freely practice their craft that causes them to exist as one of tyranny's greatest adversari nothing poses a greater threat to the supremacy of a society's ideological apparatus than a gamer fully immersed in their cra t. the immersed gamer is a vessel for potentially subversive opinions of the most radical nature, for the practice of world building and immersion encourages the mind to advance beyond the ideological barriers their cognition has been trained to accommoda e. while gaming may be understood to entail a degree of escapism, it must be understood that the act of escapism in itself ignites divergent intuitions and an implicit rejection of the rules society demands to be obeyed, and this is something the herd despis s. as the mentally dull populace play ruthlessly among each other to attain greater power over one another, the gamer chooses to reb l. to ascend the power hierarchy requires one to subscribe to the ideological framework that undergirds it, and when one person, a gamer, chooses by their own will to supplant it with an alternative, their participation in the power struggle retreats, and as novel ideas are entertained and new experiences are experienced, the integrity of society's power structures is put at haza d. when the elite demean gamers and their craft, they demean the most superlative exercise in free thinking that has been pioneered y t. gaming expands the mind, and an expanded mind matures into a revolutionary mind, which will light the torch that guides us to a greater futu e. it's not a coincidence that those on the vanguard in the war against feminism and socialism are game s. they have untangled themselves through the web of lies that have dominated society for centuries through constant involvement in a craft that synthesizes rational and creative thinking: gami g! today's gamers are fighting for a our right to speak freely, and not submit to criticisms that our words are prohibited because they are 'racial' or 'sexist' slurs, for, as we know, gamers have ascended the racial and gender hierarchies that the herd ignorantly allows themselves to dwell and toil with
i have a close friend who has a 4 year old accident daughter that he didn't want in the first place. he would see her occasionally over the years, taking her to the park or bringing her home to play or watch a movie, etc. my gut instinct was to try and change his mind. however, once i realized this would be impossible, i can't help but think of him as a terrible person. i understand that he's gone through hardships, with his mother being out of the picture since he was an early teen, and his dad only visiting him as a kid to fornicate with the mom and then practically disappearing later in life. i understand that he never wanted a child in the first place, and that the daughter's mother is absolutely in the wrong for hiding the pregnancy until it was too late to abort. i understand that it's beyond hard to be young and be a father. this said, i cannot fathom how one can shirk their responsibility without moral qualms. after all, he should know what kind of effects not having a father around has on a kid. but he does not care. and i think far less of him since he has confided in me.
the title says it all. he has never presented an opinion that was backed up by independent experts in that field. he doesn't know how trade works still thinks it's a zero sum game , he doesn't know how the military operates things like his lgbt ban, the fact that he doesn't listen to experts when it comes to weapon development in iran , he doesn't know history too many examples to list , he doesn't know the law either and it seems like he's literally never in line with what experts in the field say. i'd like to be a bit less cynical and maybe it's because my research was within a bubble that just presents me things that confirm my ideas.
since 2011 or so, isis has been raising syria to the ground, the syrian civil war has only helped them maintain their control, but although they are losing ground now, several years after they had enstated their 'state', they still hold considerable territory, and still hold major population centres in many area's of the country. isis have clearly shown themselves to be savage, barbaric and lacking with any sense of human empathy, in area's where we have driven them away we have found nothing but piles of corpses and mass graves as a symbol of their atrocities. they have captured ethnic minorities, and slaughtered them with an unremorseful stature. they have captured our own men and women, and tortured them in the most gruesome ways, before usually executing them. there are many area's in syria where city sieges have been gruesome and pyrrhic at best. the cities we enter when isis have eventually been driven out leave the exact same situation that they begun at, instead this time, the people slowly died from starvation, disease and dehydration, which is a horrible way for anyone to die. in my opinion, if a town city is of no major importance to the nation, and would be better out of enemy hands than in theirs, would it not be more ethically considerable to initiate a tactical nuclear strike? after all, it would most likely kill everyone within the vicinity instantly, and its not like the cities are going to be reused after the war ends, in most other major cities recaptured in syria, the buildings are beyond repair due to months if not years of shelling, laser guiding bombings and heavy armaments fire, so the buildings are going to be demolished anyway. how can we claim to have the moral high ground when we shell cities and cause immense human suffering simply because we lack the 'morality' to end their lives quickly? the civilians in these cities will die a slow, painful and debilitating death because we carry out yearly sieges on cities, why not end their suffering quickly? a tactical nuclear strike against a city that is not important would kill all the isis insurgents, but also bring peace to any civilians, who would no longer have to suffer. i am not saying use nuclear weapons in all circumstances, i am saying if it is more efficient and will kill less people than a city siege, and more often than not, that will be the case. city seiges simply starve out the inhabitants, only for us to enter the population area's to find a funeral spire, that we ended up creating through out 'morality' tactics. in history, no major war has taken place with the premise of 'morality' being taken seriously, look at world war 1, gas was actively used, because it was effective. look at ww2, we bombed cities and factories, without consideration for the population than lived or worked there, because ultimately, it would stop the tide of an ideology that would ruin our way of life.
i'm going to let my first point speak for itself because it falls into the domain of common knowledge. and their existence entails great amounts of unnecessary suffering, wasted time and money, mental illness. anyone on the internet knows that desperation is almost synonymous with male. of course i've heard the explanation that 'women being pickier than men is just evolutionary psychology and there's nothing you can do about it. ' but i think the people who say that lack creativity. that seems to be the foundation of all egalitarianism. to only address the disparities that negatively affect women is just convenient . i believe that something can be done through social pressure, to get women to be as open to the average man as the average man is to the average woman.
our brain dies, with it, everything that made us who we are. and the universe goes on. 1. we know our sense of self changes or completely erases with brain damage or alzheimer's. 2. we know literally everything goes on after people or anything else dies. 3. we are all evolved from single cell organisms. our life isn't anymore special or different that any other animal's life. there is nothing to suggest our consciousness is special or will live on. literally nothing even suggests that. it's a complete delusion. there is nothing. death is nothing. we all face the void for eternity. we just can't accept it. heaven? does not exist. reincarnation? does not exist unless you think that our space dust forming something else is reincarnation. news flash, it isn't. our sense of self is literally gone forever. i really struggle with this and it is major cause of anxiety and depression. i really want someone to change my mind. please.
i'm not even talking exclusively about relationships. pretty much every single passion in my life was a 'phase'. even relationships were phases for me. you're over it. cmv.
it is more than common knowledge these days that smoking is a direct cause of not only lung cancer, but all kinds of other terrible problems later in life. your skin gets shitty, your teeth awful, you have the stereotypical smoker voice, all of that. even if you don t believe the ads, most people these days know an older person that smokes, or did smoke, and has all these side effects. note that this does not count any kind of prior addiction brought on by a family member or something. you can t be blamed for that, and you didn t start smoking on your own.
first off i'm fairly new to this subreddit and reddit in general so i apologise if this discussion has already been and gone. although i certainly am not well educated on the whole topic, i recall reading articles about originally male athletes dominating their field when competing against women. i am sort of hoping i am being ignorant on the whole topic and that there is an easy solution already in place because it doesn't seem fair to the female athletes being beaten by originally male athletes may also be the reverse however i have not read anything on male athletes being beaten by originally female ones .
we are simply a bunch of atoms put together in a way that allows us to be somewhat conscious of our surroundings and of ourselves. sadly, because we became self aware, unlike other animals which are simply responding to basic needs and instincts like a more complex plants. by because self aware, we started to think about what is the purpose of life, what is the meaning of our existence, etc. after thinking about it for many years, i always circle back to the same answer : there are none. i know many people believe of an afterlife of some sort. but logic and science seems to heavily point towards nothing after death, your cells dies, and with that their molecules change into something else and your brain loses the ability to function, think, be aware. since you are no longer conscious, nothing that happens during your life matters, nothing that will happen in the future due to your life matters, as you are unaware of any of it, because you simply don't exist anymore. there is no 'you' to be aware of anything. you can't find any satisfaction into knowing you left a mark on the world, because there is nothing that can feel satisfaction or even know of your mark i think you get the point. i am not sure how we are suppose to end these posts, but please try to change my view, i would be delighted. thanks,
so, i'm a big fan of the second amendment, former military, experienced and trained in how to handle a firearm. i really enjoy the hobby of shooting, and spend a lot of time around like minded gun folks. because of this, i truly believe that many american's stated reason for owning a gun, home defense self defense, is absurd. a lot of my friends have described the 'self defense fantasy' wherein they heroically grab their gun and blow about the bad guys who break into their house in the middle of the night. i spent a year in iraq on qrf, sleeping with my rifle and a 30 round mag next to my head, and i know that i'm utterly useless for the first few minutes after i wake up. the idea that i could be awoken, armed, and thinking straight is already a lot to ask of me the guy with the military training . especially because adrenaline will almost certainly be flowing, and adrenaline makes you stupid, very stupid. don't believe me? try a shoot don't shoot course. see what you shoot. 2 laws for self defense typically don't let you go about shooting people, even in your own home. afaik the only state that lets you shoot somebody to defend your property is texas. it doesn't matter how much your tv is worth, in 49 states it's against the law to shoot somebody for taking it. furthermore, in many states, you have a duty to retreat, meaning that you must only use lethal force if you're cornered and have no other option. in other words, if you shoot somebody in your house, you might very well wind up on trial. 3 the chance of hitting the wrong person is non zero, and therefore needs to be considered. ricochets are weird, and once you pull that trigger there's a good chance the slug will wind up somewhere you hadn't thought of. especially when you're hopped up adrenaline and shooting in a dark room at night. 4 keeping a 'self defense ready' firearm ie accessible from your bedroom, with a round in the chamber or a mag within reach is a real hazard. i personally don't trust drunk me near a gun, because drunk me is an idiot. when i lived with my parents, i got the scare of my life when i found my 14 year old brother playing with my ak one day. it doesn't matter how secure your lock is, or how well you think you hid it, the people that live with you know how to get in there, and know where it is. 5 in many cases, calling 9 1 1 and barricading your door is going to do a better job of protecting you. the police officers who are awake, unlike you have legal authority to shoot, and will be be better equipped to deal with the bad guy. i realize this may not apply if you live in a super rural area where 9 1 1 could take 20 minutes to get a cop to you, but the overwhelming majority of americans don't live on a wilderness preserve in alaska. compare this to a dog. for the purposes of this cmv, i'm assuming a housebroken dog of at least a somewhat large breed, although not necessarily a mastiff or something huge. 1 your dog will absolutely hear somebody messing with your door in the middle of the night. your dog will also make it abundantly clear to that person that they've been detected, which may be enough to convince a would be home invader to try another house. they're ready to roll as soon as they spring awake, even if it's just going into a barking fit, during which time you can call 9 1 1. all of this happens without you having to go to the range on a regular basis to practice shooting. 2 laws about a dog biting somebody on your property vary wildly, but they generally don't treat it as harshly as shooting somebody on your property. this is also, of course, assuming your dog bites somebody, which they might not do, they might just go into a barking fit, which still served a valuable purpose. 3 in my experience, dogs know who should and shouldn't be in the house and react accordingly once they've identified you. even when i used to come home from the bar at 1am trying to sneak in so my wife doesn't yell at me, my dogs recognized me as soon as they're close enough to smell me. but not before they woke up the whole house to announce that a potential robber was coming in! this drastically reduces the chances of 'friendly fire' from a panicky person firing gunshots randomly in their house. 4 a well trained dog isn't a hazard. my pit bull boxer mix patiently watches my son try to chew on him. my shepard mix thinks that my son is his best friend and tries to comfort him when he starts crying. i can leave my son alone with my 2 dogs and know that when i come back i'll still have an intact heir and 2 dogs. if i left my kid alone with a gun, i'm not so sure. you can only defend your home while you're physically there. i'm writing specifically about the 'home break in overnight' scenario. i also feel that concealed carry for self defense is not as sound of an ideas as people think it is, but that's not in the scope of my argument above. i'm also writing for, say, 80 amp; 37; of households. obviously not everybody can have a dog either because their lifestyle, their allergies, or their landlord won't allow it. and an untrained dog is a hazard. i would never advocate getting a big scary breed and leaving in the backyard for its entire life. that serves no purpose, and imho creates its own hazard when this unsocialized asshole dog inevitably does get loose. what would change my view would be something that really refutes any of my above points, especially if you can show me statistics proving a gun is a more reliable for of defense than a dog. or if you can show me some legal precedent that a dog used for self defense is at least as legally precarious as shooting a gun at a home invader.
then people came to me like are you implying that is a kiddy console? i said. you just think that ps4's only target market is youngsters or young people prefer it more. ' that wasn't the point at all. i mean the only games i got into was guys get your tissue boxes prepare for this. cross gen games, killzone shadowfall , knack , crash remake , and the order 1886 . i don't care about uncharted 4 . i don't care for uncharted , so yes this thread is going to even be more challenging. and i couldn't get entirely addicted to horizon zero dawn and infamous second son . they where very pretty and big. but thats the problem about games today. they don't know how to be designed so all they can be is pretty and big or just multiplayer. i don't play multiplayer. i could never get into the witcher 3: wild hunt . oh and i also don't care about remasters. metal gear solid 4 the guns of the patriots . that was my most favorite game. i loved the lenght and depth of the cutscenes. how it went into the lore. the stealth, the art, the fan service. it's so epic . plus the ps3 and ps2 have backwards compatability so i can play ps1 games which i love. yeah, i'm a retro gamer. i also love sega games. i heard sonic mania might be fun. i don't have enough time for video games. i spend too much time being creative and working. maybe that's why i can't get into it. do you think that's my problem r cmv or am i on to something?
the most common arguments i see in support of seeing these remakes produced have been: 1. makes me nostalgic. 2. it s what we love but made with better effects production value. 3. it s like a shakespeare play, we haven t seen this version of x story. and here s why i think each of those arguments completely fails: 1. yeah, that s exactly the point. disney knows it makes you nostalgic and that s why they ve chosen these properties. not because they want to create greater art than the original, but because they know they have a guaranteed market before they even start pre production. 2. this argument, to me, is just all kinds of infuriating. the transformers films had better effects than the tv show. doesn t mean they weren t steaming piles of garbage. surprise surprise, one of the most powerful and wealthiest corporations in all history can make a technically competent product. i bet i could make a halfway decent movie if i had several billion dollars. not to mention was anybody watching the original lion king in theaters and thinking, wow, this is great but i wish all the lions were photorealistic and impossible to distinguish by their faces so we have to rely on their voices. the medium of 2d animation worked so well for those films. why spend millions and millions of dollars remaking them with different animation? answer: they know people will pay to see it. 3. i think all the changes they have typically made between the original and the modern remakes have been 100 for the worse from my standpoint but 100 for the safer from a marketing standpoint. e. g. instead of the beast from beauty and the beast being a beast , he s like a tall muscly guy with a hairy face. in the cartoon he was an actual monster, not unlike a bearwolf hybrid. but this was more palatable in the 3d animation medium to marketers.
i believe everybody is absolutely entitled to their own opinion. being forced to have a child when one does not want one is like locking them up for life imprisonment, as you will never be able to live he life you want and it will always be different to what you wanted. and it is still no reason to force somebody to have a child if they have gone through rape or if their child has a disability and they cannot cope, or if they simply are not ready for a child. i think that that the argument that women should use birth control is a bad argument, as not even perfect use of birth control gives 100 effectiveness. at the end of the day, why should a woman be forced to go through a pregnancy, which has its toll on a woman, if she doesn t want to? i feel like my life would be over if i was forced harshly to be a mother. also, i understand some of you will say that the child could be put up for adoption. however, i still believe that the woman shouldn t have to go through with the pregnancy, it should be her choice. even if somebody else can t conceive a child doesn t mean somebody else should. having a few less children in the world will be good. i understand that you may be pro life, which is fine. but i just think that they shouldn t project their views onto other women as we all deserve to make the choice for ourselves. it has been brought to my attention that things are different in the us than in the uk.
i think most of teachings of jesus are liberal in nature. matthew 5:9 cons: traditionally 'war hawks'. supported invasions of vietnam and iraq more than most liberals. john 8:7 blessed are the merciful: for they shall obtain mercy. matthew 5:7 but if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your father forgive your trespasses. matthew 6:15 cons: support death penalty and harsher punishments for criminals. 'x is soft on crime' taxes: jesus: render therefore unto caesar the things which are caesar's; and unto god the things that are god's. matthew 22:21 cons: resist taxes in all forms. greed: jesus: in the temple courts jesus found men selling cattle, sheep and doves and other sitting at tables exchanging money. so he made a whip out of cords, and drove all from the temple area, both sheep and cattle; he scattered the coins of the money changers and overturned their tables. john 2:14 amp; 15. you cannot serve both god and money. matthew 6:24. cons: strive for tax cuts and less regulations that benefit big corporations. support free markets over literally anything else. luke 12. 15. but when you give a feast, invite the poor, the maimed, the lame, the blind, and you will be blessed, because they cannot repay you. you will be repaid at the resurrection of the just. luke 14:13 amp;14. cons: no qualms about income inequality. oppose social programs. compassion: jesus: love your neighbor as yourself. matthew 22:39 so in everything, do to others as you would have them do to you. matthew 7:12. cons: hate towards immigrants, refugees, traditionally more racist sexist homophobic. 'not in my backyard'. overall: jesus was liberal at his core. he rejected the old, orthodox views on religion and life. he represented and brought forth radical change that was based on inclusion, compassion, equality, tolerance and love. quite literally too, because historically christianity gained wide public support from the masses precisely because it was open to all. you didn't have to be part of the chosen people like jews, in order to be saved.
excuse my language, but some people have penises, some vaginas. what else could there possibly be? i really want my view to be changed here. i want people to be able to express themselves. but i just i don't see the need. you either have a dick or you dont.
okay, this is my first post here at cmv. i've originally found this idea from a comment from r keep track track comments 9kk97y all of brett kavanaughs lies 13 under oath which quoted user fox mcleod's original post from r politics kavanaughs adolescent tantrum before the e6rs6bq the idea fox ,mcleod had was people who wanted to become lawyers have to fill out an application for the bar association that asks if the applicant broke any laws and to disclose them. the fact that kavanaugh did not disclose he drank alcohol under the influence as a minor. and while he didn't answer or refused to answer opposing senators questions of his drinking history the facts still remains he drank illegally and he did not disclose that history to the bar association. basically, he was being dishonest from the beginning of his career. it's the equivalent of padding your resume with experiences but during the interview you don't have any 'stories' to back up your padding. however, drinking at age 17 and not disclosing it to the bar association could not be used to remove him from the nomination process because in us laws most crimes committed as a minor is sealed away once you turn 18 because everyone has a right to free themselves from the wrongdoings you did as a child in the past, because we know that most children grow and learn from their mistakes and mistakes should not follow you into adulthood. if we as a society are going to judge kavanaugh from laws he broke as a child we could open a pandora's box, where the minor wrongs children did in the past can follow them into adulthood when it comes to job applications or into civic duties. thanks for reading my 1st post.
since the recent shooting in florida, students have kept the issue in the news forcing both sides to make their arguments. various writers term . 0bef3c175799 have pointed this out. a washington post term . a818a6efce53 columnist said this: gt; you can say the parkland kids are wrong, but calling them names, trying to dig into their personal lives to find something embarrassing, encouraging your audience to not simply think they re mistaken but to hate them with all the venomous fire they can muster that s what some on the right wish they could do, but can t, at least without looking like soulless ghouls. certain conservatives have been complaining about this from the beginning. a writer from the new republic describes different theories that have spread about the students and petty personal attacks from relatively mainstream figures like tucker carlson and laura imgraham: gt; it should be clear who the actual bullies are: not the students but the powerful right wing pundits who, bereft of any solid arguments, have decided to launch personal attacks on students who survived one of the worst school shootings in american history. now these students have been blamed for the shooting, compared to hitler, mocked for their academic results, accused of being puppets of soros and dismissed as a 'skinhead lesbian'. so i'll cmv if anyone can convince me that 1. thanks to everyone for contributing. i posted this to get a better understanding of the conversation around guns. i'm not american so i was curious about the motives of gun advocates. the responses so far seem imo to confirm my belief that a calm and rational discussion on this topic is not a very realistic proposition for gun control advocates and that personal attacks are the norm and i don't want to get sucked into traditional gun arguments that will likely just lead to frustration so i'm stepping back from this thread.
it is supposed to be comprised of professional diplomats whose job is to be diplomatic. there are other ways to express disapproval with someone and what they say, but laughing at them accomplishes nothing. in fact, in trumps case, it may make him even more hostile. yes, they are only human and what he said may have been laughable to some, but they are supposed to remain professional. to me it just makes the un look bad and makes them seem childish and petty. it certainly does not promote a feeling of confidence in people who would exhibit such unprofessional behavior.
whenever i see this word popping around, i see heated feud, controversy, and all sorts of names thrown at each other oho, especially if it has to do with white people and europe. i don't see the harm of every country and people maintaining their unique beautiful cultures, genetic print and general way of life. i want germany to remain 'german' in all of its forms just as much as i want japan, india, israel, niger, nepal or sweden too. there are already enough and growing multicultural societies that are the melting pot of countless cultures and i don't mind that, just as long as it's not at the expense of already existing societies and cultures. what i'm against is substituting and basically that, substituting and diluting already existing iconic cultures and acting like nothing happened. people don't realise this, but drastic changes are apparent when certain places are compared from before and now. be it egypt, iran and generally the middle east and their radical 'arabisation' or especially urban cities in europe like milan, paris, or london and their dilution. all these examples have lost their iconic charm, their soul and a big chunk of their identity. why am i supposed to accept this and act like it's a good thing? i also get that people are free to go wherever they want, and that tribes and people have been migrating, conquering everywhere from everywhere, but in the midst of that identities and cultures were formed and many very ancient and i don't see why they're not to be preserved just like any other piece of monumental art or history. before it becomes history anyway.
unpopular opinion especially on reddit but i honestly and truly believe that 99 amp; 37; of folks advocating for gun control have zero idea what they're talking about. another favorite of mine is how people think banning bump stocks will stop people from being able to bumpfire, before the bumpstock was around you could and still can get the exact same effect using a belt loop on your pants, good luck banning pants. why don't we have lawyers and people in the firearms industry who understand how theses weapon systems work make the laws? we have experts from their respective fields make laws on finance health transportation, etc but never for guns, always some democrat gun grabber who doesn't like an ar15 because it's black. please try to change my view, without using children and screaming 'buttt the us only has these shootings111! ! ! ! 11' france begs to differ.
i think that's bs rather than continuing to pester employers in the hope that one will have loose enough hiring policies to actually make you an offer, i advise that you accept the natural consequences of your shortcomings and look to a different field for employment i, like many of you, chose to study comp sci because i simply wanted a lucrative career that motivation does not entitle us to such a career so, stop wasting both your time and the that of employers
in terms of lost opportunity for social, educational and professional development having a child when very young, is never the best situation. surely having better established parents would reduce poverty, welfare reliance and the likelihood of single paternity? and for the sake of clean argument let's say the medicine is 100 safe and effective.
it is simply so heavy and unsanitary to me. so much stuff sticks to them and they seem so so dirty to me. if you scrub them, they are literally impossible to get clean if you run your finger across it, it s pretty much guaranteed to have stuff on it , and they are so high maintenance and rust prone. you have to rub oils and salts into them so they actually taste right. you have to scrape off burnt bits that are so unbelievably stuck on you can t get them off. it s disgusting, heavy, and high maintenance, with no super amazing benefits. change my view.
ok, so i already know that i'm going to get a lot of heat for this, and the kind of heat, so let me plea my case. it is my belief that each success, failure, good and bad person thing we meet experience brings us a step closer to who we truly are. that said, when we fail, go through a bad breakup, fall out with a close friend, etc. , therein lies the opportunity for growth, learning, and strength after some unavoidable pain and grief. here's my problem with that: in telling their child that it is ok to fail, which in some instances is totally fair and ok, there still lies a huge number of people who use this unconditional love as a means to blockade their inner feelings of inadequacy and mediocrity. i believe the most deep feelings of inner strength comes from within; it comes during the times you're sitting in a room, all alone with the weight of the world on your shoulders, and it being so heavy that you cease to feel anything at all. however, after this seemingly deadlocked state, something snaps and a fire bursts from within, and we become so consumed with the flame kindled from our own pain and emptiness, that we obsessively work to build a new self, and that self becomes volumes more indestructible than that which is cultivated after an extensive coddling period with mom and dad where you set off again at the suit of your leisure. this is the difference between intermittent rehab and surviving then living, and i mean being truly alive. it's in essence, the grown up version of when a little kid falls down and immediately runs to their parent's pantleg to cry and hide their face. i guess one could call it tough love, but because of the collectivist culture in america, this is the norm, because we have 'american family values. ' there is a documentary called, 'jiro dreams of sushi,' and the guy says, 'when i was in first grade, i was told 'you have no home to go back to. that's why you have to work hard. ' i knew that i was on my own. and i didn't want to have to sleep at the temple or under a bridge so i had to work just to survive. that has never left me. so am i wrong? i already expressed that it is fine under certain circumstances for individuals to go home, but in cases like a person opening a business and failing, or not being able to find a job after school, etc. , they should keep working tooth and nail instead of going back to comfort. tell me, reddit, what do you think? please think critically. if you feel offended immediately, stop for a minute to wonder if you feel that way because you have been raised to think all failure is acceptable.
the vmas were on monday and i just about had a breakdown because cardi b won instead of hayley kiyoko for best new artist. hayley kiyoko has worked really hard to get where she is. she s the first big lesbian artist and is a big inspiration to me as a bisexual. i feel like cardi b was just given everything she has. her music makes me wanna throw up and don t even get me started on her voice. she talks like she s never spoken a word of english when she grew up in new york an american state. i have a reddit friend who mastered english, spanish, and another language i can t remember. he speaks fluently too. cardi b can t conquer one freaking language. maybe she speaks spanish too idk. now i don t like rap all that much except for like 90 s rap but cardi b s music is just awful. like what has music come to. now rap seems like it s all about flexing. oh i fuck all the chicks and i make a lot of money like i seriously couldn t give a shit. i want meaningful music. i know this has gone off topic but like i just keep typing and i can t stop. cardi b shouldn t have already gotten awards you have to earn those. like for many artists it takes a couple years. you have to grow. cardi b just came into the spotlight and in a year bam she s automatically the next madonna . like no, she needs to make real music. even ariana grande who charts without even trying she still makes music that s sounds unique to each album. like yours truly had kind of a 50 s vibe to it for multiple songs. my everything was a tiny bit r amp;b and pop. dangerous woman had it s own sound. sweetner has gone more hip hop. she s constantly reinventing her sound and doing a hell of a job of it. now i understand that cardi b hasn t had the time to release four albums but it all sounds the same. now i don t hate all rap but i just don t understand when it became this mainstream. that being said i think that all artists should be able to make it big without being a pop artist. who s to say what everybody likes. i don t know where this is going so i ll probably end it here. maybe i m just a bitch idk lol. also cardi b came out like last year or something hayley kiyoko released her first album this april. hayley kiyoko deserves so much love and fame. she sounds unique and writes her music from the heart. she helped me realize my true sexuality after repressing the thoughts over and over again because it was a sin . she taught me it was okay to be gay or bisexual in my case. okay imma go bye.
life is an imposition not a choice.
there are two components to my argument. it makes it look like she is stooping to trump's level: by playing ball with trump, she has taken the bait and is now stooping to his level of ad hominem politics. it gives the right a ton of ammo for attack adds and talking points. they can now say that warren has benefited from her claim of native american heritage while being scarcely native american this fits very well into the right wing narrative that democrats are obsessed with 'identity politics' and fetishize minorities i'm not saying this is true necessarily, but warren's actions fit neatly into that narrative . the questionable morality of the entire thing will make many advocates for social justice, as well as native americans themselves, second guess whether warren would be a genuine advocate for the oppressed or whether she is merely riding this wave for political gain which will significantly reduce the votes she would otherwise get if she kept silent on the issue or released a more appropriate video. however, in the past, warren has gone even further than saying she has native american heritage she has claimed that she is native american. this is a big distinction, and to claim that you are native american when you are likely less than 1 native american, have never had tribal contact, and have never suffered any form of oppression that actual native americans suffer, comes off to me as overplaying a minority status for political gain. native americans themselves object to the use of dna tests to validate ancestry the whole idea to them is demeaning and ignores the fact that culture and shared experience are much more important than dna in terms of native american or any cultural identity. by ignoring this opinion from native americans, warren is tone deaf at best and at worst is knowingly acting against their wishes by going so public with her results. how should warren have proceeded? i believe that she could have publicized her results without coming off as offensive and culturally incompetent. she could have used the video to honestly explain that her family had hyperbolized her native american roots, that she does not identify as native american, and that she has not been oppressed in any way because of her ancestry. this has been a rambling post, but i think ya'll get my major points.
this isn t some bullshit the government is corrupt type message, to get that out of the way. even if i told a few hundred thousand people to not vote either, it wouldn t have an impact because the vote difference is so large. why should i bother reading up and researching all of the values and intentions of a specific candidate and then take the time to actually go out and vote, if at the end of the day it won t matter?
it feels weird to me. some part of me can't stand the thought of my eyes or heart or anything going to someone else. i don't like the thought of someone else seeing through my eyes at all. my own body just feels almost sacred to me and my own soul personally. i just feel selfish making this choice, and i don't know how to explain it to other people especially if anyone in the dmv asks me. i think i need other opinions.
as a non american wandering on the internet, and who likes the debunking channels shoeonhead, armoured skeptic, and memes sites like reddit or 9gag . i can't help myself but think that these people don't have political relevance, and it's just an internet fight over amplified with not that much consequences in the real world. i can see that the gun debates, or blm have real consequences for example, with the demonstrations, incidents etc. but i can't see what's happening about the agenda 'all cisgender are transphobic', 'it's transphobic not to be attracted by trans people', 'the manterruption' you know all of these dumb claims that come from some youtube channels and twitter hashtags and are instantly adressed in the opposite communities. i know that it's not a very clear view and i didn't really express it well, but my point is basically make me stop to think that the lgbtqiepef dumb claims about 54 genders, the crybaby feminism, the over triggered sjws are more than an internet joke about which i don't care about and don't take seriously as something that has political consequences
i'm truly interested in people changing my mind. this is something that has been going over in my mind for a while now. every time that's stated, the comments or people nearby state how that's incorrect, that's racist, you can't say that etc. i don't see how these two situations are really that different. i'm truly curious about my mind being changed. would love some feedback. thanks.
you can go back in your past and read your old livejournal posts from 2003. you can get endlessly lost in who you were. without focusing on who you are. you can spend hours and hours looking at old youtube videos. or going back and finding people you haven't spoken to since highschool on facebook or twitter. you can spend an entire life time reliving your past. and nostalgia itself is addictive. and not being able to forget can drive a person crazy. make them very sad. you lose a parent or a relative or a friend? so you can't forget them. you lose a pet? you probably have videos somewhere of that pet. remember that band or that singer you really liked as a teen? well, they're all old and fat now. they don't look anything like what you remember them as and it's depressing to see them age. it keeps you in a perpetual state of looking back. and because we're addicted to ourselves we can't not be addicted to the internet. it isn't 'the same thing as radio, tv, movies, video games' because it is embedded in our existence. in a ghost in the shell type of future, it will probably be directly embedded in our brains. people already ignore each other for their smartphones and don't verbally speak to each other. what will a future of brain implanted computers do to us? communication will change entirely. we'll become a hivemind society. like the borg from star trek.
usually, the entire group, class, or grade level is assigned the same book. i see this trend in other high schools, especially with the same books such as fahrenheit 451, to kill a mockingbird, lord of the flies, etc.
one of the bigger criticisms i hear about sjws or liberals is that the way they present their ideas are not palatable to gain more widespread support. i am going to point out why this is a faulty argument and why 'being nice' makes absolutely no difference in how these ideas are going to be perceived. it removes agency from the right this is probably the aspect of this that annoys me the most. when trump got elected, there were even liberals that were saying stuff like, 'this is what happens when you call white people racist. ' or 'if the left didn't call the right racist sexist so much, they wouldn't have voted for a racist sexist. ' people on both sides of the aisle use this argument. but this removes all agency from the right wing. it paints them as this strictly reactionary group that gleans all of their political beliefs from a direct result of leftist critique. this is an incredibly ahistorical view of what the right wing is and ignores the base that the right wing actively goes after. it's a very easy out that even when they actively participate and choose to vote in someone like trump, it's somehow the left's fault. nevermind the fact that trump is truly just your average republican minus the dogwhistling. these people were going to vote for trump anyway. the onus is not of the left to apologize for rightfully calling out the right for being racist sexist. the onus is on the right to take responsibility for who they uplifted and continue to uplift. people that get their feelings hurt from basic critique and basic vocabulary are never going to be your allies i've seen arguments online about how leftists shouldn't say 'white privilege' anymore, we should change it to 'class privilege' because white people can't stand hearing about racial injustice and always need to be the center of the conversation. i've seen men get extremely upset whenever a feminist makes a statement about 'men' in a general sense without prefacing that 'not all men' do this thing that they're describing. even though it is usually implicit. i've seen white men state that they used to care about social justice, but the criticism of white people in sjw circles turned them into white nationalists. okay, literally none of this matters. these are the same people that love ben 'facts don't care about your feelings' shapiro, but whenever they are the subject of the smallest degree of criticism, all liberals need to change their rhetoric because it made them feel bad. these people are never going to be your allies. not saying 'white privilege' isn't going to suddenly get a bunch of white people on your side. because they simply aren't actually committed enough to social justice if they let the term 'white privilege' trigger them so badly that they suddenly disagree with literally everything else social justice advocates are standing for. they would just take issue with some other thing. all this is is the right wing version of political correctness and tone policing which wouldn't be so bad if these weren't the same people that cry every time a so called 'sjw' tells them they shouldn't say 'faggot' or use the correct pronouns when speaking to transpeople. it's really just hypocrisy on their part. and just a means to silence the left. they don't care how you're saying it. they care that you're saying it. again, people that complain about these things aren't allies. i used to say 'retard' all the time. i used to say 'gay' all the time. someone told me it wasn't cool to say it. did i lash out and use it more often? no. but someone had to tell me i was wrong and i changed. i'm an ally because i heard them out and was willing to change or adapt my behavior. it didn't matter that it was inconvenient. it didn't matter that the people that told me this 'could have been nicer'. anyone that holds their support hostage from you until you engage with them in a way that they deem acceptable, is not an ally to you and will abandon your cause the second it becomes convenient for them to do so. real allies can accept criticism on an individual level but also understand that criticism of white male christian etc. institutions and power dynamics is not an attack on the individual.
gonna try to keep this short. kanye is a very talented musician. of course not everybody will love his music, but he is arguably one of the greatest hip hop producers of all time and has consistently done pretty good with rapping too. he is a complex individual with a lot of conflicting thoughts and ideas, as well as some mental issues which he has even touched on in his music. yet as soon as he says something about trump, people absolutely hate him. they want to boycott his music, they want him to lose his platform, etc. all because he likes trump? for the record, i am not a fan of trump at all. in fact, i'll even go as far as saying kanye is a moron politically. however, i can recognize that he has more qualities beyond his politics. i've even seen many people go as far as saying they won't associate with someone who supports trump. i have some great friends who are trump supporters. we avoid politics because we're going to vehemently disagree on just about everything, but we can recognize that the other has other qualities that outweigh their political opinions. i think many people with this opinion would surprisingly find a lot in common with people on the other side of the political spectrum. now i don't mean to just be targeting the left here, i'm guessing there might be a similar phenomenon on the right. cmv.
socially constructed ideas about the behavior, actions, and roles a particular sex performs here's why i say they aren't consistent with their definition of gender. under this definition, gender is to masculinity femininity as temperature is to hot cold. a gender isn't 'man' or 'woman' unless you redefine these its 'girly girl' or 'macho man'. is a set of attributes, behaviors, and roles generally associated with girls and women. gt; is a set of attributes, behaviors, and roles associated with boys and men if you see the similarity in definitions, then you clearly see that gender is just a broader word for this. however, this is the sociological definition of gender, and i'm not the only one who's saying that this is what gender entails. quotes from wikipedia gt;gender is the range of characteristics pertaining to, and differentiating between, masculinity and femininity gt;gender is a term used to exemplify the attributes that a society or culture constitutes as 'masculine' or 'feminine'. although a person's sex as male or female stands as a biological fact that is identical in any culture, what that specific sex means in reference to a person's gender role as a woman or a man in society varies cross culturally according to what things are considered to be masculine or feminine gt;early gender identity research hypothesized a single bipolar dimension of masculinity femininity, with masculinity and femininity being opposites on one continuum. from unesco docs document gt;gender refers to the roles and responsibilities of men and women that are created in our families, our societies and our cultures. the concept of gender also includes the expectations held about the characteristics, aptitudes and likely behaviours of both women and men femininity and masculinity . sex is the only game in town when it comes to the words, male or female. whether its male or female or something else, and of course the mismatch of these creates dysphoria disorder. this definition, while semantically creating more than 2 genders, isn't a very useful way if dividing up sex gender. this is because this definition relegates gender as sexual characteristic. gender would apart of sex, not separate from it, and we know the male female divide includes much, much more than neurology. therefore, when calling someone male or female, we should take into account the sum of their sexual characteristics. every single other one lines up with the classification that they don't want including important ones like genes and reproductive organs . and as far as we know their brains not matching up is probably caused by abnormal conditions with hormone development and would've been fine under normal conditions. people also go as far as saying sex is not a binary due to the existence of so called intersex conditions. the problem with this logic is that disorders intersex conditions are literally called disorders of sex development , don't change classification systems. for example, humans are classified as tetropod organisms. this means we have 4 limbs 2 arms and 2 legs . what the intersex argument amounts is 'hey, what about all those people born without a limb or two! there's a spectrum of limbs out there'. intersex conditions can't exist without causing impairments to some type of bodily function thus making it a disorder . they also don't provide their own unique reproductive function or gametes, which is a distinct aspect of sexual dimorphism, and for you to advocate polymorphism you would need to prove multiple distinct gametes and reproductive functions for these intersex conditions. except there arent any. at best, you could say the binary isn't perfect but not that it doesnt exist. intersex people can nonetheless be classified into male and female. for example, xx males can still be called males due to the fact that they would be males had it not been for an unequal crossover that causes them to be xx.
hi, i am an 18 year old asian american currently living in texas. as a person who has experienced racism many times before, i can attest to the fact that claiming that only white people can be racist is inherently racist in and of itself. i am pretty solid in this belief, because both common sense and logic both back up my claim. i most often hear the argument that 'it is possible to be prejudiced against white people, but not racist. ' this, however, is self contradictory because predjudice for racial reasons is the definition of racism. i don't know what can change my view on this, but i am looking forward to hearing your counter arguments!
freedom of belief only goes so far. if a child with bipolar disorder is being treated with distilled water with a minuscule amount of some herb in it instead of getting counseling and medication, that child is being neglected. if a girl is denied the hpv vaccine because of some cockamamie religious belief about how she should keep an aspirin between her knees until she's married, she's being neglected. cmv.
for the last few years i've worked in small teams of essentially only men and a few women, but the kind women who would fit very well in a group of dudes shooting the shit at bar , so i don't really have a good perspective here, and i think my model could be flawed because of this. the way i think of it right now is as follows. i assume this from personal experience seeing and hearing about many mixed teams where no issues of the sort existed and from an inherent statistical logic most features aren't distributed evenly . men and women are, relatively speaking, equally valuable to their company's or team's success if they occupy a similar role for the sake of my argument, women being usually better than men in the same position is also a valid viewpoint, it actually strengthens it . so essentially, women aren't getting any 'free launches' and they a being evaluated on the same criteria as men, or, possibly using harsher criteria see gender pay gap, which essentially implies this . there isn't something inherently 'wrong' with most men that makes them suddenly become savages, essentially guaranteeing most men will do something very inappropriate to a woman if a long enough span of time passes. in this case, wouldn't even an imperfectly rational world result in: a women move from the companies and teams where they are being harassed, to ones that have a reputation for not perpetuating any sexual harassment b companies and teams that don't contain sexual harassment, have a broader talent pool to chose from then those that do since most people will only work in places where they are not harassed, or at least, will strongly prefer them . as they start dying out for economic reasons, resulting the 'normal' people moving into other 'normal' teams, or, they fire people that perpetuate sexual harassment. obviously, this isn't something that happens over night. so, assuming my premises are correct, why would this happen ? what are the elements that this 'mental model' or mine is ignoring ? again, this is talking on a macro scale, obviously 'edge cases' like the porn industry or the armed forces branch of the military are a bit more complicated. bit i'm thinking about stem, administration and 'standard' service jobs here, since those comprises most jobs in the 'western world'.
we could solve a lot of problems in this world if people just worked on their baggage. everyone has baggage because no parent is perfect and children with their developing brains, inevitably cannot perceive the world correctly. so many problems in the world like shootings are caused by men being pressured to be 'macho' and being unable to process their anger. they also have broken logic, processing the world in black and white . even if you don't have 'severe' problems, everyone could use with therapy to see their own broken thinking patterns that they developed as a child. every time you see someone using a strawman argument, red herring, or 'whataboutemails', they're using broken logic that inevitably also makes other areas of their life miserable. sweeping generalisations, catastrophic thinking, black and white thinking, these are all patterns that therapy will tell you to work on getting rid of to lead a better life. most of all, everyone should at least try once, the experience of talking with absolutely no filter or judgement. even with your closest friend, your spouse, you have a filter on because you don't want to be judged or hurt others feelings or keep a secret. in a strong community, the role of therapist is fulfilled by a good priest or or counselor or coach or wise person. update most of the comments rebutting this are about logistical and practical implementations: there aren't enough good therapists to ensure everyone has a good experience, ie. they will force drugs , have imperfect diganosis, be bad person to talk to. i would even venture that most people commenting had a terrible experience with therapy. no money to pay for it i agree with all this, and so i guess this thread has made me clarify my stance. i think what i was imagining was a perfect system where everyone would get to process their baggage aside from memorizing pointless history facts but the reality was that 80 of everything is garbage and people would get bad therapists and unnecessary drug prescriptions. our society just isnt' there yet. getting help is currently a personal responsibility and unfortunately the people who need it the most will not go get help or are unable to get it financially, or belief wise they have too much anger to seek help
as nations and individuals we really need to act quickly in order to limit the damage. i know saying 'should' can be the wrong word to use but i believe it would would show the candidate to be corrupt or ignorant if they don't address the issue. there are many issues that face us as a society, but climate change is the one most likely to threaten our core way of life if nothing is done. it is on the same level as the threat of global nuclear war, which rightfully received this kind of attention during the cold war when it was especially likely.
don t get me wrong, i love art. i m an artist myself. yes, obviously art can have deeper meanings, however for most art which is someone trying to copy something they see or abstract , they are reading into something that isn t there. the prime example being abstract art. you can t look at a jackson pollock splatter painting and tell how the artist was feeling, he just threw paint at the paper. and better yet, every expert will have a different opinion on his emotion, but claim theirs is factually correct. likewise, you can t pull deeper meaning from a portrait because it s just a portrait of a person.
maybe it's just where i live. but every morning evening when i drive to from work, there are packs of cyclists riding around. i think cycling is great. however my issue is often the attitude of these cyclists. they are less visible. it will be dark and many of them do not wear anything to stick out properly. they often travel in packs. packs that, instead of riding single file along the side of the road, clump together blocking huge portions of the road. i see no reason why this is necessary. the result is they cause traffic jams and instill fear in drivers like me.
i believe that it is not possible for a mere computer program, running on a turing equivalent machine, to ever develop consciousness. alternatively, perhaps our brains are capable of hyper computation but this is not a serious field of research because all known models of hyper computers can't exist in our universe except possibly at the edges of black holes where space time does weird things, but i think it's safe to say that humans aren't walking around with black holes in their heads . i shall consider these possibilities outside of the scope of this cmv, since ai research isn't headed in those directions. my reason for believing this was inspired by a bunch of rocks the way we design computers today is totally arbitrary and nothing like how a human brain operates. our brains are made up of a large network of neurons connected via axons and dendrites which send signals chemically through a variety of different neurotransmitters. modern computers, by contrast, are made up of a large network of transistors connected via tiny wires which send binary electrical signals. if it was possible to write a program which, if run on a computer, develops a consciousness, then this difference would imply that consciousness likely doesn't depend on the medium upon which the computations are performed. computers of the past used to be based on vacuum tubes or relays instead of transistors. it's also possible to design a computer based on fludic logic in which signals are sent as pressure waves through a fluid instead of an electrical pulse. there are even designs for a purely mechanical computer engine . the important point is that you can build a turing equivalent computer using any of these methods. the same ai software could be run on any of them, albeit probably much more slowly. if it can develop a consciousness on any one of them, it ought to be able to develop a consciousness on all of them. but why stop there? ultimately, a computer is little more than a memory store and a processor. programs are stored in memory and their instructions are fed one by one into the processor. the instructions themselves are incredibly simple load and store numbers in memory, add or subtract these numbers, jump to a different instruction based on the result that's actually about all you need. all other instructions implemented by modern processors could be written in terms of these. computer memory doesn't have to be implemented via electrical transistors. you can use dots on a sheet of paper or a bunch of rocks sitting in a vast desert. likewise, the execution of program instructions doesn't have to be automated a mathematician could calculate by hand each instruction individually and write out the result on a piece of paper. it shouldn't make a difference as far as the software is concerned. what if our mathematician, hand computing the code to our ai, wrote out all of his work a complete trace of the program's execution? let's say he never erased anything. for each instruction in the program, he'd simply write out the instruction, its result, the address of the next instruction, and the addresses values of all updates to memory or, alternatively, a copy of all memory allocated by the program that includes these updates . after running the program to completion, what if our mathematician did it all again a second time? the same program, the same initial memory values. would a consciousness be created a second time, albeit having exactly the same experiences? a negative answer to this question would be very bizarre. how could the universe possibly remember that this particular program was already run once before and thereby force all subsequent executions to not develop consciousness? what if a layman came by and copied down the mathematician's written work, but without understanding it. why should it matter whether he understands what he's writing? arguably even the mathematician didn't understand the whole program, only each instruction in isolation. would this mean there exists a sequence of symbols which, when written down, would automatically develop consciousness? what if our mathematician did not actually write out the steps of this second execution. what if he just read off all of his work from the first run and verified mentally that each instruction was processed correctly. would this mean there exists a sequence of symbols which, if even just read , would automatically develop consciousness? why should the universe care whether or not someone is actively reading these symbols? why should the number of times the program develops consciousness depend on the number of people who simply read it? to change my view, you could explain to me how a program running on a modern future turing equivalent computer could develop consciousness, but would not if run on a computationally equivalent but mechanically simpler machine. alternatively, you could make the argument that my absurd consequences don't actually follow from my premises that there's a fundamental difference between what our mathematician does and what happens in an electronic fluidic mechanical computer. you could also argue that the human brain might actually be a hypercomputer and that hyper computation is a realistic direction for ai research, thereby invalidating my argument which depends on turing equivalence. what won't change my view, however, are arguments along the lines of 'since humans are conscious, therefore it must be possible to create a consciousness by simulating a human brain'. such a thing would mean that my absurd conclusions have to be true, and it seems disingenuous to hold an absurd view simply because it's the least absurd of all others that i currently know of.
while i've been pro choice most of my life that's begun to change. what brought this on was the online discussion surrounding people with down syndrome and the news that most mothers who are made aware of their unborn having ds opting to abort. while i find this very sad ultimately it's very difficult to raise a child with ds and i can't force that responsibility on a family. what i can't justify to myself however is how this screening technology will be developed to apply to gay people in the future. there are physiological differences between straight and gay people and this is a subject of research. in the event a test is developed that detects gayness in foetuses with reasonable accuracy i realise this will lead to gay babies being aborted and that's what i find objectionable. it may sound silly but medical technology is always improving by leaps and bounds and when the technology of tomorrow meets the laws of today i fear it will lead to a portion of the gay community disappearing and i don't want that. i suppose the core view i want changed if a woman's choice to abort is always moral even if the reason is homophobia or some bigotry like that. i think if you're aborting a foetus because of a benign trait it will manifest in the future you are no longer treating it as a foetus but as a person it will become and it's my belief gay rights override the right to choice in this circumstance. in other words i have a gut feeling that voting to repeal will mean condemning future gay men and women to pre emptive deaths. i'd like to be convinced i'm wrong. thanks for taking the time to read and i'll be here a few hours.
i love my dogs, whenever i see my little pups in pain it hurts me. here on reddit there are many instances of people justly showing disgust an instance of abuse towards a pet animal while then hating on vegans who say that they should show similar concern for pigs, cows, etc. it is to not have the suffering going on be salient in your mind. imagine a factory farm with golden retrievers instead of pigs. you probably would be rightly upset. why should we not hold the same or even a similar standard towards pigs, cows, etc.
i m a republican. but i believe that anyone can be married to anyone. as long as it doesn t hinder my rights you can marry whoever you want. you can spend the rest of your life with the any person you desire. i can t believe it was not legal in the first place. things like that make me question the party continuously. my major beliefs belong to the republican party. therefore, i call myself republican. i get slandered all the time by republicans calling me traitor or flat out ignoring me. i get assigned to the long belief list on the republican website. i actually hate many things republicans in power do. i don t like trump. i ve seen enough. this doesn t just apply to republicans though. it applies to all parties. i only know about the republican side because of my experience.
so, i'm an incel and the past week or so i've been interested in the reaction from the media and general public after the attacks in canada. apparently, because a few incels have done terrible things that means all incels and incels as a group are evil dangerous terrorists etc etc and just must be stopped. there are so many things wrong with this. 1. being an incel, by definition, isnt even a choice. if you chronically cant get sex, you're an incel. its not a choice or a group. it's a definition. i've barely even been on the incel websites, but by definition i'm an incel. its a fact. 2. the people judging incels as a group are no different than those who blame the entire religion of islam for terrorism. 3. incels is not about hate, or misogyny. it's about finding people that can relate to your situation in life. people refuse to acknowledge the difficulties faced by the lower tier less attractive men out there. being an incel sucks, and most of the time there's nothing you can do about it. it's painful and mocking men trying to cope with that pain is absolutely disgusting.
we're currently seeing a huge paradigm shift on how we perceive people smoking marijuana, for example. there are plenty of catalysts for these reversals, but a large component involves people seriously thinking about whether accepted beliefs are good for society. this often involves people discussing what the merits of a social norm are. this is a non answer, and when i find myself discussing this sort of thing, i don't see it as a good reason to keep the norm. of course, it's not a reason to discard it either. when people say this, it usually means one of two things. sometimes it's just a way of blindly following the status quo. i'm of the opinion that shaking up the norm is sometimes required, so this feels unsatisfactory as well. change my view.
in many colleges women's ratio can even reach 60 75 . i rarely seen major non profit orgs on education do anything for men. mentality for the boys in young ages. don't you think it's kinda ridiculous? but now they are already the majority and they are much more succesfull. if colleges and this orgs care so much about diversity why the male student numbers continuesly drops every year? or diversity means 'less men especially if they are white! ' sorry for my terrible. it's not my native. i'm not american either but i'm really interested in american politics. no gender, no race, no culture etc can be considered. it's almost an automated process. sometimes you can get scholarships if you good at sports, music etc but yeah nobody cares about your gender or ethnicity
armchair economist here. along with agriculture, australian exports depend quite a bit on mining. so it seems to me like a 'who shoots first' situation. it seems to me like miners are damned anyway, so you may as well choose the option that causes the industry and all the industries connected to it to prosper rather than collapse right?
i am not only looking to change my view rather get to the moral truth. english is not my native language so i will try my best to explain the view but do ask me if you do not understand anything. for the sake of discussion lets consider that amount 50 million usd. any amount above that will not provide you significant additional marginal utility of consumption. in fact, the poor have a right to this ridiculous excess money. now, i am not saying hand out the poor free money. that makes people dependant. rather help out the poor around the world by providing infrastructure to get them good jobs, like infrastructure, education and help those who are in real need like food aid, healthcare etc. what benefits society is considered the most important. reporters frequently write about profiteering of the mentality, communism etc. the virtues of simple living are prized highly as well.
as an additional caveat, i should say that one of my biggest concerns in posting this is that i will simply encounter an echo chamber. my suspicion is that my views are likely held by most of reddit. but posting this is at least in part an attempt at catharsis: i've had these conversations in real life with so many people, and i inevitably run into what i perceive to be cognitive dissonance in the person i'm speaking with. there are at least a few nuances to the argument i'm putting forth that may strike at least somewhat of a nerve with the reddit community, so here goes. they strongly disliked trump, and justified their decision as 'voting for the lesser of two evils. ' i don't understand this decision, and i view it as entirely irrational. i've come up with a few explanations: 1. wasting a vote means you have lost the opportunity to affect the election . this seems like the most likely meaning of 'wasting a vote. ' 2. wasting a vote means you have lost the opportunity to identify with a winning team . it won't. as we all know, we occasionally run into a situation where one state's electoral votes flips an election bush v. gore circa 2000 . but even in that situation, the state was ultimately decided by 537 votes. i didn't vote for the team? ? ? how dare i? conclusion to conclude, it seemed that people's votes were informed significantly more by tribalism than by reason. ideas such as 'don't waste your vote' seem to me to be ex post facto rationalizations of much more visceral forces. when my friends colleagues asked me how i decided who to vote for, i responded that i have a very simple principle. it's much more straightforward and intuitive than all the rationalizations that you have to jump through to justify the 'lesser of two evils' vote. it's simply to vote for who you think would do the best job according to your own personal beliefs. in a very real sense, it matters. your vote is your voice, and you are casting your voice of support behind a candidate. even if your candidate doesn't win, you will have expressed your own values in this national contest of ours. which of your values do you want to share with our nation? : my view has changed somewhat.
firstly, i am not a racist. i do not see any one race as superior to another, nor do i think that we have enough information to truly categorize races by certain skills in specific areas. partially? absolutely. but to say that the singular cause of all of these differences in different races' iq, crime rates, and general behavior the fact that almost every top media industry is controlled by jewish individuals is a little odd to call just coincidence is purely cultural is absurd. i think people see a false dichotomy when it comes to this either i believe every race is the same, or i believe one race is best. that being said, i don't remember the statistics i've seen very well, nor do i know the validity of them. go ahead, reddit. change my view.
we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or veteran status. ' i don't see how this is coherent. if they have an affirmative action policy, presumably they mean at least with regard to race amp; gender. but how on earth would such a policy be possible without discrimination based on the same? even if it's just a policy of looking extra hard for applicants, doesn't that skew opportunity in fact, isn't that the point ?
in the end of the day in english when you make a sentence like 'the smartest man i ever knew' this does not imply it was an intrasexual competition and pretty much implies 'the smartest person' but 'the smartest woman i ever knew' essentially strongly implies that there could have been males that were smarter. this does not arise when one says 'the smartest male female i ever knew'. or when batman said to superman 'now you know what it feels like to be a man. ' when he took away his powers with kryptonite. in practice whatever adjective or quality is put before the noun whether good or bad is reduced when put in front of 'woman' compared to 'man'; it is not just in terms of praise: 'he was the most evil man in history' also sounds a lot worse than 'she was the most evil woman in history' which again implies that a lot of males were more evil.
i'm pro 2a, and am licensed for concealed carry in several states. here's why: the ar 15 is the best light rifle ever designed. incredibly easy to put a ton of lead down range without recoil, with super easy manual of arms operation , and quick amp; easy reloading. for sure, there are other competing semi auto platforms like mini 14 and fal, but the proof is in the pudding: ar 15 popularity is through the roof compared to those. the mini 14 suffers from awkward slow reloads, and an odd method of inserting a magazine. just that alone is good reason to consider restricting its availability. these shooters rationally chose the best, most inexpensive, most effective gun for taking down masses of people. i believe that the overwhelming majority of ar 15 owners aren't mass shooters. the problem is that their guns are often taken or stolen. i believe that there's a line acceptable to the 2nd amendment between what's acceptable for civilian use, and what is restricted for military use. tanks and bombs are on one side of that. i believe that ar 15's should be on that same, off limits side. i also believe it's easily possible to draft a law to limit them. i saw that on a quora answer.
well, showing up is, anyway. you can hand in a blank ballot or write some anarchist message on the paper with your pathetic little red crayon, but you're legally required to show up.
america has grown too big and too politically diverse to function as a single country anymore. i don't know exactly where we'd draw the borders, but generally we would split the northeast, the south including texas , the midwest, the mountain states, and the pacific coast, each with their own new government. i'd even entertain an argument to make california it's own country. would it be a difficult transition in the short term? absolutely. would it be better in the long term? i believe so. let the south have all the 'fine' neo nazi's they want and elect emperor trump as their leader. let the mid west enact sharia christian law and let the bible lead their government. let the pacific states go full sjw. what are the downsides of doing something like this?
i think we moreover focus on earth's current and the biggest problems that would surely give us about 300 400 years more on our planet. i mean we can use the brilliant minds on earth to even plan farther expions beyond mars or can create the best space shuttle out there so send astronauts on a way trip like interstellar and hope to get some much useful data from them.
the idea that a liquid needs to be lose and flow like water is not correct. polydimethylsiloxane silly putty is also a liquid and can be formed into different shapes and hold form for sometime. and also, just because it is made of mostly solid materials does not make it a sold. smoothies are considered liquids and they're made of solid materials. change my view.
to elucidate my view, i'll try to frame an illustration. consider two acts of theft being performed which constitute as a crime under legal purview. case a: a man is walking down a lonely street late at night. suddenly, a mugger appears out of nowhere and robs him at gunpoint. case b: a man is walking down a busy street. a stranger walks to him seeking for help, describing a life and death situation. on humanitarian grounds, the man follows the stranger who leads him to not so happening street only to realize that it's all a setup. he is then robbed after being held at gun point. now, it is reasonable to state that the ultimate outcome in both of the cases was the man ended up being robbed. however when considered on a profound level, the varying experiences have resulted in different psychological impacts on that person. in case a, it is streetwise to avoid a deserted road to prevent from being taken advantage of. hence, the man would have estimated the probability of getting mugged and made a conscious decision. this would then conform to his existing prejudice about travelling isolated roads at night, which he would definitely avoid in the near future. however an experience from case b would have definitely scarred him by affecting his school of thought towards humanity. it would drive him to a conclusion that it is better off to avoid helping a human or anybody for that matter to avoid the risk of a false case. the next time he sees someone asking for help, even though his conscience would provoke him to provide assistance, his previous experience would say otherwise, thus deterring him from bestowing a respectable act of humanity. on an individual level it would not make a big difference, but consider the impact it would have if hundreds of individuals were robbed in a similar manner. it would then go on to be a preconceived notion that helping somebody en route to an isolated location would have disastrous implications. now imagine the plight of a person asking for help if his case was genuine. statistics suggest that majority of rape victims knew their perpetrators at least at a hierarchical level of an acquaintance. if this keeps on increasing individuals would be wary of accomplices, thus developing trust issues. events like this would make humans lean on individualism and would make them think twice before trusting other humans. and this, as far as the functioning of society is considered, would be the worst thing to happen to it. the basic intention of law is to ensure that humans act in a civilized manner in a society. however what use would the law be if society ceased to exist.
in everything you see, a handful of the best surpass and leave the others stranded in a pool of normalcy. the same handful of corporations dominate the market year to year. the same handful of basketball teams reach the finals every year, year after year so much so it's led to the dubbed 'super team' . a small handful of musicians and actors reach a list status out of the millions that strive to reach such a level. in school there's the 'smart kids' who you just know will most likely do better than the rest of the class on the tests, and they do. shit even here on reddit, the same handful of the best jokes are repeated over and over, because the shitty jokes have been weeded out or forgotten. everywhere you look, the few that are the best are able to accomplish so much more than the rest that are just, well, average. so why do we treat the financial system any differently? why?
i ve read the recent threads in r politics and what i ve read is insane. anyone who doesn t understand why someone who has been falsely accused of rape, whose name has been disparaged in the media, who has been called evil, who been la eked a threat to women and who has faced harassment and death threats would be angry is delusional. cmv: how can someone not understand why kavenaugh would be angry?
gone are the days where you could buy a game and know that game developers and publishers have put their heart and soul into a finished product. i know i'm being a bit naive if i said that companies like ea, nintendo and bethesda once had a passion to bring joy to their customers, those businesses in the end are still just like any other business: they're ultimate goal is to make money and nothing more. but around the late 2000s when companies started to realize that they can make lots of money just by adding extra skins and patches everything went down the toilet. money is now the driving force of how and why we consume video games. it's the reason why we have seen countless versions of call of duty or assassin's creed. this is also why the indie scene has also exploded as well, the only ones who have a passion for making fun games have realized they they can not develop their goals under the yoke of titans like microsoft or sony. time and time again we see companies take our money and leave after only a few months, we continue to be let down by game developers who make false claims. e3 drives us crazy and literally leaves some of us drooling wanting more, and yet again we are always disappointed by with product that we paid 60 100 dollars for. remember no mans sky, watch dogs 1, star wars battlefront 1? they are by no means old games if we go by their release date, but now that the industry pumps out new games every month with the incentive of only taking our money these games now seem to be dinosaurs.
note that i am not denying any sort of institutional or societal sexism towards women that exists or has existed. at the very least it is a term based on a stereotype that may or may not apply to a particular man, though it is used regardless. i am very aware i am on the inside looking out, and do not know what it is like to be on the outside looking in. i am asking this question with the intention of hearing other perspectives so please be my guest and poke holes in what i ve said because i am looking for a greater understanding of the subject and wanted to ask in a place that i know would not be an echo chamber. a few of my thoughts summed up: 1. ken: hey did you hear about janet? she isn t talking to you anymore because you didn t say hi to her last week dan: i figured. janet is always womanciding obviously both men and women are capable of being emotional, so why call it woman ciding? i m sure you can see my point here. 2. both men and women are capable of being condescending, but a man doing it to a woman needs a specific term for it? i think if you break it down the sexism lies in the assumption that a man who is condescending is just an asshole if it s towards a man and sexist if it is towards a woman. 3. why not just use he is condescending or she is condescending because both sexes are capable of being condescending. i feel like if you make a special word for one of them you are being obvious sexist. my whole point is if we say he yelled at her we should also be saying she yelled at her. just like we should be saying she was condescending and he was condescending instead of she was condescending to her vs he was mansplaining to her 4. you don t know if the man you are speaking to is being condescending simply because he is an asshole. this is in effect creating a double standard where the belief is women can freely explain things to men but men cannot freely explain to women under risk of appearing to be a sexist. i don t care for the societal institutional argument where the claim is that sexism hurt women in the workplace and society because men had more power in those roles. i did not do that. i took no part in that and don t know anyone that has. i m sorry if someone you know was hurt by that happening but i had nothing to do with it and if you can associate me with that kind of sexism because of my gender, then you are the sexist one. i am very open to other perspectives and would love to hear what you have to say :
amp; x200b; outside of giving a broad overview of all religions, there is no place for indoctrination of a religion in school. students should be allowed an education free from indoctrination.
anything that might stand out on a person as being a bit expensive. many people, unfortunately on the conservative and neo conservative and libertarian sides, claim that these people own these things because they are poor spenders and it is a good example of why the poor stay poor in this country. i believe it is just the individual using whatever little resources they can to blend into society. to fool it into thinking that they are of nominal wealth, so they aren't bothered about it. so they can interact and find opportunity like any other normal looking member of society with a smartphone and decent clothing. even worse, the political pundits, who make these claims are often of above average wealth and upbringing, often with two parents supporting them in a stable home. ben shapiro and the roving millenial come to mind. both born into affluent families. that makes me take on this view that the outrage about this is disingenious. i rarely see someone who came out of poverty taking on this view, if ever. the roving millenial, who has a crtv show now, has even gone as far to say that you do not need a refrigerator to survive, that is it a luxury. what is next? your shoes don't have to be made of that expensive rubber, wear wood shoes? they're affordable nowadays, but the accusers of these people always claim they have the 'new' iphone, or that they scramble to buy the newest products. they don't. change my view on this, do you they geniunely care about their spending habits and the long term effects on the country, or do you they pick on them because you feel like they appear stupid complaining about being poor while possessing these items? are the poor in a bad financial situation they're making the best of, or do you believe they have a 'place' to inhabit and should abandon all luxuries until they are out of that situation? amp; x200b; amp; x200b; amp; x200b;
. another possible example is pirating media that isn't available in the country you live in, which would make it inaccesible to y u. say you own a video game console, but a game you would like to play, isn't published in your country, and isn't available as a digital downlo . so, change my vi
let me start off by saying i do not think we should tolerate intolerance, but at the same time i am against censorship. these laws exist for very valid reasons, and in some places have a few, also valid, exceptions, such as calling for violence against a person or group. this means that a restaurant for example, can expel guests who are obnoxiously sharing extreme political opinions. now here is where my issue arises. take facebook for example. a social media site with billions of users. whether you agree with it or not, many people get their news from facebook. be it through news outlets posting articles on their pages, or groups sharing them, a very large number of people get their information about a plethora of topics from facebook. due to this fact, facebook has almost unprecedented power over what people can see. what can start off as extreme opinions that call for violence, ie something very clear cut and easy to determine, can slowly erode into something more grey and harder to define like 'no bigotry'. now i know this may seem like a slippery slope argument, but i am not saying it will necessarily turn into this, but simply highlighting that it is possible, and i don't think it should be. if facebook decided to update their policy to exclude things in a more vague way this could have far reaching impacts on the social sphere. there simply aren't any other platforms besides maybe twitter that can compete with facebook in terms of reaching a large audience. if you have an opinion or something you want to share, if you are barred from the widest used social media network, you are cut off from the largest way to share that idea. another perhaps more effective example would be if google skewed search results to favour a certain narrative. if searching something neutral like 'trump' in google brought up almost exclusively negative or positive articles, that would seriously impact how information was shared. google is perhaps the biggest example because they are not only a search engine, but the premier search engine for most people globally. i am aware that this would infringe upon the company's right to do what they want with their own property, but in the circumstances i think it is a reasonable concession.
as an additional caveat, i should say that one of my biggest concerns in posting this is that i will simply encounter an echo chamber. my suspicion is that my views are likely held by most of reddit. but posting this is at least in part an attempt at catharsis: i've had these conversations in real life with so many people, and i inevitably run into what i perceive to be cognitive dissonance in the person i'm speaking with. there are at least a few nuances to the argument i'm putting forth that may strike at least somewhat of a nerve with the reddit community, so here goes. they strongly disliked trump, and justified their decision as 'voting for the lesser of two evils. ' i don't understand this decision, and i view it as entirely irrational. i've come up with a few explanations: 1. wasting a vote means you have lost the opportunity to affect the election . this seems like the most likely meaning of 'wasting a vote. ' 2. wasting a vote means you have lost the opportunity to identify with a winning team . it won't. as we all know, we occasionally run into a situation where one state's electoral votes flips an election bush v. gore circa 2000 . but even in that situation, the state was ultimately decided by 537 votes. i didn't vote for the team? ? ? how dare i? conclusion to conclude, it seemed that people's votes were informed significantly more by tribalism than by reason. ideas such as 'don't waste your vote' seem to me to be ex post facto rationalizations of much more visceral forces. when my friends colleagues asked me how i decided who to vote for, i responded that i have a very simple principle. it's much more straightforward and intuitive than all the rationalizations that you have to jump through to justify the 'lesser of two evils' vote. it's simply to vote for who you think would do the best job according to your own personal beliefs. in a very real sense, it matters. your vote is your voice, and you are casting your voice of support behind a candidate. even if your candidate doesn't win, you will have expressed your own values in this national contest of ours. which of your values do you want to share with our nation? : my view has changed somewhat.
am i the only one who is now fully convinced that the us is rapidly becoming fascist? i think there's considerable evidence that it is heading towards fascism. i literally saw an abc news story in a facebook post, and almost all of the comments are either foreigners decrying it, or american neo nazis blaming everything on george soros. it almost matches the weimar republic at this point the more i learn about either the weimar republic or modern us, the more they line up. i'm convinced that the country is one national crisis away from it being all over i really, really want people to change my view. i don't want to be right.
that's what we, and pretty much every other species, have evolved to do. there are many scenarios for humanity's extinction, most of them are based on the idea that we'll destroy earth ourselves, such as exploiting all of its resources, destroying its atmosphere or biosphere, global warming, etc. most of these scenarios can theoretically be avoided in the short term, but there's something which we can do absolutely nothing about. in a few billion years the sun will engulf earth and we'll have no other choice but to leave it, and that's assuming we'll survive long enough on earth for that to happen. so, my point is: either we leave earth or we face extinction, and if we want to eventually leave our planet we should start investing in space exploration right now since the future of our species depends on it.
being a democracy means that every part of the population gets to vote on the government that rules over them however in israel that is not the case, as not everyone can vote. while its true that last election the joint arab list party got the 3rd largest amount of votes, there are still milions of palestinian arabs that are denied this right. i argue that there is no reason why that should be a problem as far as i know almost no other democracy so openly discriminates based on religion in a hope to keep a certain ethnic group in the majority, despite the fact that they are not and thus are imposing minority rule of jews on the majority of the population which is arab. if israel wants to mend its reputation and actually become a real democracy its only option is to drop judaism. there are many other countries that are just democracies for all their citizens and dont have any religion directly connected to their government, and there is no reason for israel not to follow their lead. and a counter argument to jews need their own country : no they dont. no other religion apart from maybe islam and the vatican is so directly connected to the goverment of one specific country, and while it is possible for a country to have a majority of a specific religious group, there is no reason for the religion to be involved in government decisions.
the reason the government wants you to provide your information is because the burden of proof is on the accuser. if the accusation is not true, the accuser can be charged with making a false accusation. the government also claims that the person you accuse will not be notified who reported them. on the reason explanation, the burden of proof should not be on the accuser. under the current system, you are not allowed to report suspicious activity. if an accuser's neighbor receives disability for a bad back, and sees him doing yard work and playing golf, the accuser can not know 100 that he is committed fraud. however, the accuser can make a judgment that something does not seem right, and the accuser would like the government to take a look. this is not unreasonable. from the s. s website gt; typically you would have to know someone quite well in order to determine whether or not he or she is taking advantage of the system. if you know someone as well as s. s wants you to, the accuser would need to practically live with the accused. the burden of proof is too high, and the punishments for false accusations are too strong. on the latter, i cannot see why or how this is true. it may not be the procedure to release the information to the accused, but if it goes to court, it has to be part of the discovery. there will be the information of the accuser in the government files, and if the accused fought hard enough he will get it. however, if the accused really cannot know who accused them, why demand the information at all. the benefits of staying anonymous is obvious. someone sees someone committing fraud, reports it to the proper authorities, and goes about their lives with 0 concern. my current situation is i work with someone who's husband collects disability for disease. he is a drug user, in a motorcycle gang, and works an under the table job that pays him good money. the wife i work with makes over 80k per year. but if i am wrong, what happens to me? i face charges? will his wife find out via our workplace than the s. s office is charging me, than tell her 1 husband about? it is not worth my risks
my bills are internet, gas, water, electric, and rent. i have two chief arguments for this. first, him being away does not affect these at all. if i were not living here too, then he would still have to pay all of these fees. by agreeing with these companies to have these services, he locked us into paying at least x per month in service fees. even if we decided that we no longer need water and stopped using it, we would still have to pay these fees for a year. therefore, him not using these services should have no bearing on whether or not he pays the service fees. this is assuming that we mutually agreed to these service, which we did. i would not use this argument if i had purchased cable tv that he did not want to begin with. second, these fees would have to be paid if i also left. for example, if i happened to plan a month long vacation at the same time, we would both be away and both not using these services. however, someone would have to pay the bills. by assuming his argument true, neither of us are responsible for the bills. yet, they must be paid by someone. therefore, using proof by contradiction, i must be correct.
based on the people i've talked to, and research i've read, i think heterosexual men tend to be exclusively attracted to women physically, while heterosexual women usually are physically attracted to people of both sexes despite only having romantic interest in men. as a hetero guy i find someone like younger brad pitt sexy but not to the point that i physically get turned on, more in the sense of admiration and mild envy. i get the idea that straight women often do get turned on thinking about other women, even if they wouldn't necessarily do sexual things with them. most straight men who watch porn find gay porn gross but many straight women prefer lesbian porn over straight porn because it often has less of a 'male gaze'. i think part of the reason why women have an in group bias towards other women that men lack with other men is because they are attracted to other women to some degree, albeit usually not to the extent they would want to have sex or relationships with them. some people would say that 'all women are bisexual' but i disagree; i think it would be better explained that men and women who are heterosexual experience their orientation differently. if you're turned on by someone of the same sex but not to the point that actual contact would be enjoyable i'd still consider that person straight. one thing that might counter my hypothesis is perhaps the male gaze is so prevalent in culture that many women end up viewing other women's bodies from a straight male perspective? i mean after all male bisexuality was prominent in certain circles of greek and roman culture, but is on the fringe of our own culture.
it's just a fake special snowflake disorder like assburgers syndrome. a lot of the so called 'borderlines' use this fake mental illness as an excuse for their actions and thats proof that its most likely just made up bullshit created by special snowflakes on tumblr. whenever i read about the symptoms online i just think 'this isn't a mental illness. it's just teenage angst. ' so in conclusion if you claim you have borderline personality disorder, you don't. you're an angsty teenager. and before you say i'm albeist i'll have you know i have been professionally diagnosed with autism and adhd. i dare you to try to change my view. i triple dog dare ya.
e. while this is undoubted in my mind, i can't get on board with their conclusio my logic is as follo . votes make electio s. this seems self evident if you don't get the votes you don't win putting aside the exceptions of a narrow win without the majority popular vot . vermin wins by a comfortable marg while this outcome could not have happened without majority of the people making the same individual decision, the individual decisions in aggregate had a meaningful impact on the electi . therefore individual votes do matter, because they aggregate to a level of effectiveness i. e. majority i'm sure someone with a better grasp of maths or statistics could better wrangle this idea of aggregated individual acti . formatt
nearly all future careers do not need history as a skill. well, how much of an impact am i going to have to repeat the holocaust? centuries of slavery? wwii? most everyone in the world is connected, so accomplishing a task in private is practically impossible. how is that going to help? change my view.
all would be required to serve for some x amount of years. serving in the military should still be available as an option but other accommodations should be made for differing beliefs. if you feel alright about us foreign policy you can do x years in the military, but if you are opposed to it you could do x year serving as a policeman. if you're a pacifist you could do x years serving as an emt for some public hospital or x years in the peace corps. forcing people to serve together in this way would accomplish a couple things: 1 ensures that well trained citizenry is always nearby and ready in case of catastrophe. in a world with this type of service, if a terrorist attack were to occur: 1 4 of all people in the vicinity will be trained soldiers, 1 4 will be trained police, 1 to 2 4 will have some medical training. first responders would already be there because everybody would basically be a first responder. 2 provides young people with something to do. in my mind the service would occur in the 18 22 time frame so that it comes before college. i don't know about any of you but i was someone who went to college because that was just the thing to do. no one had gone before me and that was the route to success, so there i went. it worked for me the debt was real but i got solid job out of it but it doesn't work out for a lot of folks. not only that but asking an 18 year old to decide the institution and career that may define the rest of their lives and saddle them with a mountain of debt seems insane to me. who the fuck knows anything at 18? 3 increases national unity. soldiers peace corp should serve with others from across the country, while police emts should work in parts of the city different form where they live. doing this ensures that all americans are for at least some short time in their lives forced to reckon with their fellow countrymen. besides providing perspective this also helps foster a sense of egalitarianism since it will provide the sense that a citizenship has been 'earned. ' recognition of valid service provides a sort of floor of respectability, which is something that seems sorely lacking these days. 4 it is a project that is unachievable in the free market. while one can imagine how organizations such as the ymca given the proper incentives could establish a role in a society as a pre college and service like pillar, it comes with some tricky issues. a private institution training soldiers and policemen is a break in the government monopoly on violence which i think most people agree is necessary for a functional government . a private institution is accountable to whoever funds it, moral or no, while a public institution would at least by law be held accountable to the voters. and the idea of charging money for things that the peace corps does just seems wrong. so, cmv. tbh i've always been okay with the idea of a draft in it's most raw form but i figure this might make it more palatable for people who don't.
i'll preface this by saying: for those of you that don't know, the n word refers to 'nigger'. i'll simply refer to the term by 'nword' from here on out to avoid offending people. and although i may share this view on other euphemisms, i'll strictly be discussing the nword to keep the conversation scope narrow. when discussing the root origins of the word, people fear speaking it out loud. even i cringed when i typed out the nword in my first paragraph. stigmatizing the word gives it more power. that's like saying, 'hey! don't remind black people that they were once oppressed slaves! keep it on the hush hush. ' i believe the attitude should instead be more along the lines of, 'blacks should be proud of how empowered they've become despite societal oppression. so keep using it. we don't care because it only shows the leaps and bounds they've made in recent decades. ' we don't use 'the c word' for chink or 'the c word' for cracker. in fact, especially stigmatizing the nword over other racial slurs seems to send a message that other racial slurs are more ok when they should all be equally frowned upon in colloquial language.
am i an advocate for both of these things? god no. maybe they'd be mocked or slandered, who knows. south park did a very good episode highlighting this topic if anyone has seen it. i've had this opinion for a while now but decided to make this post after hearing about a video regarding it on the front page yesterday.
when parents purchase their children playstations, x box's, gaming pcs, etc, i see this is a serious moral failing. i hold this view because of the following intuitions: it decreases the child's attentiveness to school work. it can increase their propensity for violence. it can lead to the development of addictive personality. it decreases the possibility of the child focussing on other more worthwhile pursuits, such as human reading, going outside, learning, etc.
terrible defined as: extremely bad in a serious fashion. including, but no where near limited to: iphones, apple devices, samsung devices, many walmart products, nestle products, h amp;m products, cannabis, firestone tires, diamonds, internet pornography, and more. most of these labor sources are found in africa, particularly the ivory coast, nigeria, liberia, the middle east, asia, particularly china, and various locations in south america. and it's not necessary, there are alternatives. some may be harder to acquire, some may be more inefficient, some may be more expensive, but there are alternatives. which, yes, requires strict research this makes us entirely hypocritical when we judge others for deemed 'immoral actions' such as 'sex trafficking, rape, political prisons, censorship, abortion if you don't like it and many more. although i don't condone these actions and they are inherently bad, who are we to say that we are much better? i obviously understand the difference between kidnapping someone and buying a phone that hires a company that hires a company that uses underpaid children 4000 miles away. please, for the love of god, change my view.
