 The anger many liberal Americans feel towards republicans is justified given their party's actions
 Killing an innocent life is wrong
 High schools should not have credit requirements
 god existing would make sense
 A pill to stop gender dysphoria would be objectively a better choice
 Anti-depressants don't cause people to commit suicide or other violent acts.
 If Republicans do not support Abortion or Birth Control, then they should be supporting social programs to help families raise children.
 The best way to defeat Scientology would be to make a free and open version of it and create a schism.
 Privacy is a fundamental human right and we should stop using the products of corporations that violate it.
 Agnosticism is a nonsensical or immature position to hold.
 Companies should have to interview one minority for each open job.
 Tobacco should be banned, and no one really 'enjoys' smoking.
 The American Civil War wasn't about slavery in the way you think it was.
 Duels should be legalized and regulated
 There is nothing morally wrong about countries not accepting refugees/middle eastern/muslim immigrants
 it is not sexist but rather logical to keep office temperatures at a level comfortable for men
 The minimum wage should be abolished
I don't really believe anyone can be a nihlist.
 Anyone who eats meat and claims to be an animal lover is either lying or a hypocrite.
 It's perfectly reasonable to judge someone for their religious beliefs.
 kneeling for the national anthem is not disrespectful.
 Philosophy is a pointless field of study
 If your partner cheats on you, that is entirely between you and your partner - not the person they cheated with.
 Looking at your phone while driving on the highway isn't as unsafe as people make it out to be.
 As a white man, the Sarah Jeong controversy is a nonissue for my demographic.
 Lord Farquaad's imperfect rule of DuLoc was nonetheless righteous for its time and his deposition was unjust
 Some psychiatric drugs should be legalised (be allowed to buy over the counter) to receive without a prescription.
 Black people who blame everything on racism are the reason race politics are so prevalent today.
 I believe that Equality of Opportunity is more important than Equality of Outcome.
 Thanos' plan makes no sense when you take economics and policy into account.
 The rich should pay more for a traffic infraction than the poor
 Once you fall out of love with that special something/someone, there's no way to ever fall back in love again
 It's much worse to hate somebody because of their race, age, sexual orientation, gender, and religious beliefs than it is to hate somebody because of their opinions
 A private business should be able to discriminate.
 Pedophilia is a mental illness not a crime.
 "Mentally Ill" is not a valid justification to strip someone of their constitutional rights.
 Most people who claim that they are unjustly being censored are overly dramatic, Freedom of Speech is already protected by the constitution and that’s not at risk of changing anytime in the foreseeable future.
 Free Will does not exist
 Asians in USA go through normalized racism.
 being “trans” is mental illness and teaching children that they might be a different gender, allowing children to permanently alter their biology with hormones, is abuse.
 In criminal cases the state should have to pay for the defendants legal fees
 The future of humanity is NOT in outer space
 Sex-selective abortions in Western countries should remain legal
 Amazon's advocacy for a $15 national minimum wage is a cynical ploy to destroy their competition by increasing costs on small business retailers so they cannot compete.
 Forcing children into this world is unfair.
 Women have a much higher standard of quality of life than men
 Cast iron is the superior cookware
 It is impossible to create a utopia without it shortly becoming a "dystopia".
 The Body Positive Movement is Problematic
 To use intersex conditions as a way to undermine the reality of male-female binary is like saying that individuals born with another arm constitute a new species of three-armed humans.
 We should just let the drug addicts OD and die.
 Not enough people take the time to understand what people who disagree with them are really thinking
 We should be trying to find a way to make drugs non-addictive, rather than trying to train people to not want them.
 Prisons shouldn't be hellholes that create re-offenders
 Minor Attracted People are harmful to Children.
 private gun ownership is useless against government tyranny
 Regarding Gillum vs. DeSantos and the "monkey this up" comment, I think it's a stretch to attribute it to racism.
 MH370 was caused by aliens
 It's voting day in the US. Democrat or Republican you get the same economic policy with a different social policy and for that reason nothing will get better.
 Anti-abortion positions, and those who hold them, are sexist.
 Weed is bad for you. Smoking it has many short and long term consequences.
 I think it's morally questionable to exploit guys on shows like To Catch a Predator and others.
 If you aren’t okay hunting/slaughtering animals yourself, you shouldn’t eat meat
 All (recreational) drugs should be legal.
People with serious facial deformities should get plastic surgery.
 We Have not Established a “too far” Point for Left-Leaning ideals, and it’s Hurting Everyone.
 Non-binary genders are examples of mental illnesses and should be treated with proper care.
US military spending is excessive and unnecessary.
 While I admit that I have privilege, I still don’t see why everyone insists on me acknowledging that fact
 If we (the USA) have a ban on travel from some majority-Muslim countries because a few Muslims are terrorists, we should ban guns because a few gun owners kill a lot of people.
 The US should remove the $1 Bill, force the use of $1 coins, and introduce $2 coins.
 Women's football is terrible even at the highest level. Instead of pushing women to be more like male players, change the womens game to better suit it's players.
 It is hypocritical to both (1) support the right of companies to deplatform groups/individuals and (2) to oppose the right of companies to withhold service from a group/individual.
 People who wish to transition genders need to wait until they are at least 21
 No matter how many guns we have, the government will always be in control
 "Reverse racism is just racism" is a racist trojan virus
 voting should not be mandatory. choosing not to vote is a perfectly valid form of participating in a democracy
 The US government giving financial aid to students and to universities at the rate/manner it does is ultimately counterproductive.
 The Keto diet is an unhealthy
 Trans Exclusionary Radical Feminists are not feminists because they are against all women having equal rights.
 We should teach different subjects in schools
 If someone with depression is functional, choosing anti-depressants over therapy that they can afford simply shows laziness.
 Lawsuits where witness testimony is the only evidence should not go to trial, or result in a plea deal on the threat of a trial
 Women are hardwired to desire violent men and to reject good men
 Being frugal is an efficient and smart way to live
 Religions never solved the problem of evil and Epicurus argument holds fast.
 Bullying does not cause school shooters, radical views and mental illness does.
 A person's opinions should ALWAYS matter more than their demographics (i.e. their race, age, sexual orientation, gender, and religious identification)
 Inheritance should not be a way to gain wealth
 Schools should prefer require students to read and give them a choice of what they read rather than requiring them to read specific books.
 Data collection done by corporations is good for consumer
 Capitalism isn't inherently flawed; the weak can be oppressed by the strong in any system of government (or lack thereof).
 The bible doesn't support capitalism
 The pronoun problem is really about attitudes, not assumptions
 Food Addiction does not excuse someone from being overweight
 To believe in a loving God requires a certain level of delusional thinking or ignorance to how the world works.
 A total ban on guns won't work in the United States.
 Europeans and Americans who argue for Africans to have less children for world good due to overpopulation are hypocrites seeing as how 1 American or European use as much resources as 4 Sub-saharan Africans
 The Senate should be abolished because it gives more power to people in small states at the expense of people in big states, without a good reason.
 The idea that a soda tax is regressive and hurts the poor is one of the stupidest things I've ever heard
 Command and Conquer Generals and its expansion Zero Hour are the best C&amp;C games
consciousness is created outside the brain
 People should stop trying to cure every disease and instead medicine should focus on "healthy death".
 The worse the current migrant situation gets, the better the long-term prospects for our immigration system.
 Providing a cure for homosexuality is better than advocating for its acceptance
 Pascal's Wager is ultimately meaningless because it ignores the existence of other religions.
 Cheating is unforgivable because it shows horrible character and lack of self control. Forgiving this shows lack of self respect.
 Senior discounts should not exist
 Racial pride is pointless and stupid.
 There is no valid reason to act in a moral way. Ethics are redundant, and individuals should be egocentric.
 Donald Trump has been worse for comedy than political correctness
 People who can't have a discussion/debate from an unemotional stand-point are unable to ever properly discuss/understand something.
 Fictional paedopornography should be legal
 School success is (not) a measure of intelligence or future success
 Not all cultures are worth saving as a whole. Multiculturalism is not inherently a virtue.
 Marriage is outdated and doesn’t mean as much as it used to. Weddings are just ways to show off to all your friends and family.
 If the Incredible Hulk was not having issues in Avengers: Infinity War it would have been a much shorter movie
 private gun ownership is useless against government tyranny
Capitalism is a better economic system than Socialism
 Japanese conservatives are right to protest against North-Korean schools on their territory
 refusing to serve someone at your business because they support a political party you’re against is regressive and shouldn’t be praised
 you cannot consider yourself a Christian and judge gay people
 Fathers should not be responsible for children they did not want.
 People who enjoy playing Super Smash Bros. are sexist and reinforce the patriarchy
 voting should not be mandatory. choosing not to vote is a perfectly valid form of participating in a democracy
 It is hypocritical to chastise climate deniers on the basis of science, without doing the same for religious individuals.
 RNG has no place in competitive gaming.
Travel is overrated. You don't change post travel. A good technical book has much more profound effect than travel.
 The word god shouldn't be used if you can't define it as a being
 Meaningful forgiveness can only be given upon request.
 Men shouldn't get to decide or even discuss any issues that pertain entirely to women without at least involving a woman in the discussion.
 I think hijab is good for the society and for women.
 "Dating" Before the Internet &amp; Social Media was Much More Rewarding than it is Today
 The Term ‘LGBTQIA+’ is Actively Harmful Towards the Cause it Tries to Support Because it Drives Away Potential Supporters for Being... Too Much.
 I think capitalism favours crony capitalism.
 If you say you are an "animal lover" and still eat meat, you are a hypocrite.
Roe v Wade should be overturned and abortion should be banned in all states by Federal Law
 Fake porn such as "deepfakes" is not immoral
 every high school in America should be partnered with a community college in the local area
 Homeless people, addicts or not, should be nurtured more by society.
 A baby is only a fetus when the mom don't wants it
 4chan’s algorithm for discussion threads is superior to Reddit’s.
 The president isn't nearly responsible for as many things that are blamed on them and Americans need to place more blame for issues on Congress and the House of Representatives.
 No person in the world is justified to say “nigger” or any variation of the word, so it should be removed from casual language entirely.
 I think that the generally accepted solution to the Monty Hall problem is incorrect.
 Websites should not have mandatory limitations on passwords.
 Complete anarchy is wrong not because it wouldn't work, it would work for a very short time, but because its impossible to maintain.
 I don't think abortion is a women's rights issue.
 Barring a Roy Jones-level fiasco, Beto O'Rourke won't beat Ted Cruz in November
 A Good Chocolate Chip Cookie Does Not Need Milk.
 A messy bed is more practical than a made one
 Abortion is taking a life, and that is ok.
 People who have genetic disorders such as Down sydrome and Autism should be sterilized.
 If it's okay to kill cows, it's okay to kill dogs
No private good can ever be a human right.
 The USA has the most aggressive foreign policy in the world and has had so since the end of WW2.
 Gym teachers have a much easier job than “regular” teachers and don’t deserve to be paid as much
 Diversity of beliefs and thoughts is way more important than diversity of identity
 University Affirmative Action in the United States should be based on economics, not race.
 Marriage is bullshit
 I don't see how morality can be objective
 To believe in a loving God requires a certain level of delusional thinking or ignorance to how the world works.
 the story of Job teaches no valuable lessons, other than God is a jerk.
 I believe that it is both a waste of resources and unjustifiably selfish to have children in these times. I would go so far as to say it’s immoral.
 I'm Pro-choice.
 The Jedi are full of shit and leaning toward the "Dark" Side is the way to go.
 Apple hasn’t done anything significantly innovative since Steve Jobs died. They went from MacBooks, iPods, iPhones, iPads, etc to...what? They used to really push technology forward, but they haven’t done that since Steve Jobs died. Change my view, Reddit.
 It is pointless to convince the remaining people who still support Trump, even if he somehow gets charged with a crime.
 NBA Lebron is better than Kobe
 In no academic institution, including grade school, should there ever be such a thing as mandatory attendance. If a person can pass without ever having to show up to class, they should be allowed to do so.
 The only speech that should be regulated in the public sphere is threatening another person directly, creating false panic, and defamation.
 Climate change should be the the focus in upcoming elections.
 Universal Basic Income is an awful idea
 If Republicans do not support Abortion or Birth Control, then they should be supporting social programs to help families raise children.
 brains are organic computers. When the computer is shut off, our thought processes and “consciousness” cease to exist.
 X-Men is a bad and potentially dangerous metaphor for the LGBT struggle
 Google, not Comcast or Time Warner, are the biggest threat to Net Neutrality
 People should stop assuming that someone in a political party believes EVERYTHING that party believes in.
 Without Facebook's fake Russian stories, Clinton would have won in a landslide.
 Incels are suffering from mental health issues, but are being held to a double standard compared to other people who suffer from the same mental health issues.
 The Senate should be abolished because it gives more power to people in small states at the expense of people in big states, without a good reason.
 CEO salaries should be tied to the wage of their lowest paid worker
 A flaw with Reddit is that those who post comments early get the most attention.
 If you support Facebook/Twitter/Google de-platforming or removing conservative voices, you should also support bakeries (or other privately owned businesses) denying services to whomever they please.
 Supporting artists who are bad people is unethical
 cisgender people who don't meet the proper configurations for their sex should identify as transgender
 Punching a pregnant woman in the stomach and causing a spontaneous abortion should not be a jailable offense
 Bitcoin isn't a special currency, but just people trying to make some quick money
 Work is a generally negative experience outside of covering basic expenses and I should save up as much money and retire as soon as possible.
 If there is a universal gender wage gap, it is much smaller than reported.
 A flaw with Reddit is that those who post comments early get the most attention.
 Souls don't exist
 People who say all politicians are the same/corrupt don't understand how corruption works, and are part of the problem.
 The only way for humanity to go forward and away from unecessary suffering and toward better living, is to build an omnibenevolent AI or something like that, that governs above human and intervenes to guide us.
 Illegal immigrants should be deported from the United States
 It is plausible that most jobs in North America and Europe are mostly bullshit most of the time, (inspired in part by David Graeber's thesis in Bullshit Jobs).
 Funko pops are terrible and a waste of money.
 Teachers Shouldnt Assign Homework.
 All men are potential rapists
 When looking for a girlfriend, them being vegetarian/vegan is one of the biggest green flags
 People who take a hard-line stance against illegal immigration in America are cold and heartless human beings
 Aerial wiring is superior to underground wiring
 history class is worthless and should not be required
 The current state of too many debates about race is sad and irrelevant
 Private companies / Religious organizations should have the right to 'discriminate' based on sexual orientation or gender identity.
 I don't see how morality can be objective
Obama wasn't a bad president nor did he damage America, not in the ways Republicans want us to believe anyway.
 James Cameron's Avatar is Underrated
 We should of nuked Iraq and Afghanistan
 That 55% of Republicans believe that Kavanaugh should be confirmed even if its proven that he assaulted women shows that they are bad people
 it's improbable that finger prints are unique
 Contemporary Feminism is sexist
 I don't believe that 'non-binary' or 'genderfluid' people is a real thing, and that the people who claim these things are mostly doing so because it's trendy.
 People who had abusive non-supportive parents do not have the same chance at success as people born into good circumstances.
 Star Wars the Last Jedi is bad except for in visuals.
 It should be illegal to be a billionaire
 gun control will do nothing to protect people.
 Fact cannot possibly exist.
 I don't think abortion is a women's rights issue.
 cisgender people who don't meet the proper configurations for their sex should identify as transgender
 Cultural Appropriation is largely misidentified, and should be addressed on a case-by-case basis
 Culture, arts and sports should not be funded by tax money(or get subsidies) as much of it is indistinguishable from straight up entertainment, which is the private sectors job.
 The term "Transsexual" makes more sense than "Transgender" for most people
 Animals should not have rights, animal cruelty (especially if it's necessary for scientific reasons) is fine and vegetarianism/ veganism is pointless.
 The whole culture behind 'putting the toilet seat down for women' is stupid
 Jesus never existed
 Avoiding partisan hackery does not mean compromising your positions, nor does it mean being some sort of centrist who wants to meet in the middle. It simply means that you shouldn’t allow your position on one subject, dictate your position on another non-related issue.
 The UN Security Council should not have permanent members with veto powers
 You don't have the moral right to make someone question their faith
 America has an obesity problem because healthy food is way too expensive
 Divorce is not a Tragedy; a tragedy is staying in an unhappy marriage.
 The next James Bond must be non-white
 It's absolutely ridiculous that the military (US) gets a budget of 500+ billion dollars while institutions like NASA and the education system barely get a quarter, if that, of the military's budget.
 It's stupid to join a High IQ Society like Mensa
 It is completely irrational for women to complain about "blowjob week".
 (Theoretical) physics is no longer beneficial and should be defunded
 If Jesus came to US politics, most conservatives/Republicans would be against him and his views
 The left is more fascist than the right in America.
 Attaining biological immortality would not be good for the human species and, ultimately, is a selfish idea.
 Racial fetishism isn't wrong
 Whether or not e-sports are "real sports", they should be taken seriously, and the competitors and the event should be respected as a whole for the effort they put in, and the complexities of the game.
 The prosperity of the west is due to automation, not free market capitalism
 Louis CK's career shouldn't have ended for what he did.
 Not everyone should be allowed to have children
 Not voting is a legitimate choice
 Islam is a violent and dangerous religion.
 Christine Blasey Ford should not testify before the Senate. Doing so weakens women everywhere.
 Infinity War was not that good.
 Sex before marriage is wrong
 Privacy is a fundamental human right and we should stop using the products of corporations that violate it.
 Climate change should be the the focus in upcoming elections.
 Religion is a primitive concept that should no longer have a place in modern society
 Liberals Should Be More Tough On Immigration
 Gender dysphoria still sounds like a mental illness to me
 I would vote for a Democrat if they changed their position on guns, or at least educated themselves on the topic.
 1/3 + 1/3 + 1/3 ≠ 1.
Most recreational drugs should be legalised.
 Of all the men (rightfully) accused in the wake #MeToo, Louis C.K. deserves a second chance.
 The movie/films/games/software industries lost the fight against piracy. Instead of trying to find ways to make it harder to pirate stuff, they should introduce a tax/fee on electronical devices, that will go to content creators - and make the content then "free".
 It should be illegal to put flyers on people's cars
 Using religion to justify a political argument is inherently invalid
If I am an oppressor, it is in my interest to remain one.
 The rich should pay more for a traffic infraction than the poor
 Addiction is a choice not a disease
 If male privilege exists, then so does female privilege
 In the next couple of years Amazon will buy Valve, buy Steam from Valve, or make their own software to become the primary PC game distributor.
 Instead of teaching youth to "not judge" we should be teaching them *how* to judge with kindness, mercy, logic, and fairness.
 Voting isn't actually productive or necessary
 The Lefts impression of Trump would be a lot better if he would just shut up and get on with it.
 The mainstream (US) Left and Right are both equally divisive.
 I believe nudity should not be illegal
 Conservatives were right when they said gay marriage was a slippery slope.
 A person's back history (be it racist, sexist, homophobic, you name it) should not in anyway impact the legitimacy of his arguments providing they have good data backing it up
 Term "white privilege" is misleading and ultimately harmful to fighting racism
 I paid for a service, and deserve to be angry/frustrated if it doesn't meet my expectations
 The US government should produce and print textbooks and provide them for free to the public/schools/students.
 Those in electric wheelchairs in a public place should follow the same rules as the those walking.
 (1) Atheism and objective morality contradict each other. (2) There is no objective morality, all morality is subjective
 There are significant, genetic differences in IQ between races.
 Defining sexuality as "attraction to sex" is an unhelpful way for people to label themselves: it should instead be "attraction to gender".
 There should be no choice when it comes to organ donation after your death
 There will be no war with Russia
 Guns aren’t, never will be, and never have been the problem when it comes to violence and mass shootings
 The Death Penalty should be done away with.
 I would have a happier, more fulfilled life if I didn't have to work.
 it’s good to correct peoples grammar.
 The original Egyptians (3500 B.C. to 1100 B.C.) were Black
 It's wrong to remove the music of alleged/proven sexual abusers from Spotify
 If there are no laws against gay people, human civilization will end as homo-sapiens eventually cease to exist. Just like the great fall of Greece.
 Public schools should teach the science of emotion and mental health as a major part of the base curriculum.
 It's completely acceptable and understandable to not agree with homosexuality because of your religion.
 The USA is too litigious and strict with law, and it negatively impacts a lot of us.
 Marrying younger is a great option. (Not child brides but 19-early twenties, at least finish high school first!)
 The US needs a Constitutional Convention
Roe v Wade should be overturned and abortion should be banned in all states by Federal Law
 Racial information should be removed from college and job applications.
 A joint account with a percentage-of-income (with a few other considerations) is the best way to split money
 Alpha dog theory is not a myth
 I would have a happier, more fulfilled life if I didn't have to work.
 It's unethical to accuse someone of sexual assault after 4 decades
 Poe Dameron was not simply just wrong for questioning Admiral Holdo and taking action, nor was he the "true villain" of TLJ.
 Marijuana and psilocybin should not be schedule 1 drugs.
 Casual dating (and casual sex) is inherently dehumanizing
 Card games like Magic The Gathering are not gambling
 a significant fraction of gay people were not "born that way" and instead, through social and environmental factors, developed into being gay, yet the "all gays are born gay" myth is propagated for social and political reasons.
 Suicide should not be prevented if the person has the capacity to make decisions. The right to die should be a basic human right.
 The Jedi are full of shit and leaning toward the "Dark" Side is the way to go.
 People who say all politicians are the same/corrupt don't understand how corruption works, and are part of the problem.
 Local authorities shutting down children’s stalls such as lemonade stands is perfectly reasonable.
 private gun ownership is useless against government tyranny
 Suicide should not be prevented if the person has the capacity to make decisions. The right to die should be a basic human right.
 If you believe that killing animals for pure enjoyment is wrong, then consuming meat is also wrong.
 High profile criminals like the Santa Fe shooter, John Lennon’s killer, etc should be put in the general prison population and not get special treatment due to the nature of the crime that they committed.
 Stan Lee deserves at most half the praise he's gotten, if that.
 Teachers should have a degree in the subject they teach not education.
 anyone who has killed or put other people in danger need to have their medical records and drug testing information made available to the public.
 Being fat is unhealthy and should be treated the same as smoking.
 Too many people go to college in the US.
 As a young white man in America, I feel worthless, disconnected from and hated by women/minorities, and – though I want equality – unwelcome in the conversation.
 with the exception of law enforcers and the government, American citizens do not need guns and therefore they should be banned for American citizens.
 #BelieveAllWomen-type views on sexual assault are bad and possibly harmful.
If corporations are people, they should be able to register for a political party and be given one vote in the state their headquarters is in.
 If Republicans do not support Abortion or Birth Control, then they should be supporting social programs to help families raise children.
 Nothing I can do as a cyclist will ever make drivers stop hating me.
 Some Cultures are Inherently Better than Others
 Dual loyalty to two countries is impossible
 The Top 80% of Women are Having sex With the top 20% of Men, and this is Unsustainable.
 There is no reason to revere the military and phrases like "defending our freedom" are absurd.
 Pride parades should have less NSFW content
 If you begin smoking in 2018, you’re a dumbass
 The diving/flopping that occurs in soccer is detrimental to the game and FIFA should do something about it.
 Willpower is a Dangerous Delusion
 Whether or not Trump is guilty of anything is irrelevant; there is literally no amount of evidence that would lead to his impeachment.
 It is impossible to be transgender/transsexual if one does not have gender dysphoria.
 reddit is dying, if not already dead.
 Alcohol prohibition is good.
 College coding classes should be more focused on mobile &amp; web app development.
 Liberals have lost the desire to convince conservatives.
Alcoholics Anonymous is heavily flawed from a scientific perspective and hasn't tried to improve it's system since it's inception
 Laissez Faire is the ideal Governmental/Societal Structure
 There is nothing wrong with the encouraging/ reinforcment of masculinity.
 There Is a Legitimate Point to Be Made That the Fourteenth Amendment May Not Grant Citizenship to the Children Born in the U.S. of Illegal Alien Parents.
 People who claim heritage that's culturally irrelevant to them are posers and liars
Desert Eagle is the single most useless weapon in the world.
 Rap is lower quality music and is overrated.
 If I use an adapted version of person-centered therapy to change someone's view, I don't deserve a delta.
 The right wing in the US shouldn't whine about identity politics since they also engage in identity politics; identity politics for white people.
 Children under 7 have no right to be in a fancy restaurant or bar, and these places have every right to ban them if they choose to do so.
 It is unlikely Trump was secretly colluding with any Russians to hack the election because at one point he was publicly asking them to.
 The method of punishment should change
 Sometimes attacking someone's "character rather than their ideas" is unavoidable
 There is no difference between a man hitting a woman and vice-versa.
 If abortions were not an option, then everyone would agree that fetuses are human lives.
 Asexuals should not be included in "LGBTQI+" initialism because unlike every other minority in the list, has not been widely persecuted or treated like the others have and does not need reliance on said community.
 Taking in many refugees from countries with a significant lower average IQ is detrimental to that country and should be avoided.
 I try to be a decent person, I'm not so sure it's worth it.
 Mainstream Modern Rap is Garbage
 Anyone who genuinely believes that a minority or minorities is below them or less than them should be executed (or given some severe punishment)
 Trans participation in sports often has an unfair advantage over other competitors
 We need to let old people die instead of keeping them around.
 Circumcision should value body autonomy, meaning parents shouldn't make the decision for the child
 If you care about "The Great Replacement" then you are either misinformed, or a racist.
 We are no longer allowed to negatively judge most people in our society
 Tipping should be optional and restaurants should just be subject to the same minimum wage laws as every other industry
 Sneezing is voluntary
 Race is a biological reality and IQ is partly genetic.
 Sex before marriage is to be avoided. Marriage is good (especially if you want to raise children). Legal marriage is pragmatic.
 It should be made illegal for parents to buy their children video games with "mature" age ratings
 All stable currency throughout history has been backed up by force, at a minimum. Therefore, fiat currency is the best and most efficient kind of currency that could possibly exist.
 The plight of black Americans is not just due to external factors (e.g. systemic racism), but is also due to internal factors within the community, and those factors deserve more attention.
 Teachers Complaints about Compensation and Time Off/Time For Prep &amp; Marking are Highly Unwarranted.
 If you begin smoking in 2018, you’re a dumbass
 Police departments should use red light cameras to enforce traffic laws.
 If people truly believe in the 'catastrophic' results of climate change, they should change their lifestyle to reflect that
 It shouldn't be taboo to look at cleavage if an outfit clearly makes cleavage a focal point.
 People who have genetic disorders such as Down sydrome and Autism should be sterilized.
 As a young white man in America, I feel worthless, disconnected from and hated by women/minorities, and – though I want equality – unwelcome in the conversation.
 America should have socialised medicine instead of private health care
 Degrees in subjects like liberal arts should only be taught as a 2-year degree (rather than a 4-year)
 Just because you can procreate doesn't mean you should have the "right" to do so.
 We are all terrible people* knowing that the products we buy employ slavery.
 I don't think people born in the early to mid 80s should be considered millenials.
 Human life has no value. If a polar bear or some other endangered animal attacks somebody, let that person die.
 I don’t see how women can be close with their female friends without something sexual or romantic going on
 there is a relative lack of respect and deference for the social sciences.
 Facebook is a horrible company that needs to die
 If you migrate to a county you should learn their language.
 The problem isn’t that there are too many guns out on the street...it’s that there’s not enough.
 FGM is illegal, therefore circumcision should be as well
 Magic: The Gathering is a very interesting and fun game, but the "metagame" has become so established that much of the game content is useless and leaves novice or casual players in the dust against players with more valuable cards and sets with exploitative mechanics.
 Tortillas should be square.
 The concept of infinite consciousness within heaven is just as terrifying as hell
-When it comes to trans/non-binary acceptance, the phrase "do your own research/it's not my job to educate you" is counter-intuitive to how people learn about other groups. This does more harm than good.
 Taking notes during class is futile.
 Gender is NOT a social construct.
 I think the emotional support animals are just an excuse for people to carry around their pets.
 If you live in America, you should respect Donald Trump, whether you agree with him or not.
 It is not worth carrying life jackets on commercial planes.
 The United States should be divided into age specific sectors
Taxation should be optional
 Crimes should have victims.
 What you do in life doesn't matter because it all ends the same, nothingness
 Transgenderism / Gender dysphoria is a mental illness
 Tiger Woods should not have apologized for infidelity
 Transgender rights is a low priority issue and the left should divert its political capital elsewhere for now
 The message of the MeToo movement should be something like “Give all women the benefit of the doubt, don’t dismiss them, and investigate their claims” rather than “Believe all women”
Women should not have the right to vote and welfare should be more regulated
 I believe that if recreational marijuana is legalized, employers should be allowed to discriminate against those who use it.
 Japans government needs to be held accountable for their actions against China during World War 2 and deserves to be remembered in the same negative light as the Nazi regime.
 drinking and smoking cannabis (or taking some other drugs) alone is NOT "worse" than drinking with others.
 The Pareto Distribution paints a troubling picture for western society.
 Society trying to fix equality of outcome by compensating certain social groups and demographics is WRONG and no different from Crony Capitalism.
 Life is short. You shouldn't spend half of it working.
 Bush was worse than Trump
 When walking behind a woman, I have no obligation to accommodate her irrational fears by speeding up
 Children ought never to be put on psychiatric medication.
 The universe indifferent to suffering, god is not there
To have children is to bet over his life
 If you select text, then hit the caps-lock key, every letter's capitalization should be reversed.
 Not all cultures are worth saving as a whole. Multiculturalism is not inherently a virtue.
 Abortion is taking a life, and that is ok.
 The Solution to the Israeli Palestinian conflict is to let the Jews build the Third Temple on the Mount, and react accordingly.
 Organ donations should be mandatory, not opt-out or opt-in
 Not everyone should be allowed to have children
 If you live in a dog-friendly apartment complex with a lot of other dogs around, you should not keep an aggressive dog.
 Meaningful forgiveness can only be given upon request.
 I Belive ypu should have to pass a test in order to vote in our modern democracy
 There's no problem with minority representation in media, and so, established characters should not have major traits about their character changed, such as race.
 I see no reason to get the flu shot
 I think the Internet could eventually replace universities
 It's not "anti-science" to include transgender people with their gender of identification.
 The U.S. and Russia are starting WWIII right now.
 "Fat Shaming" shouldn't be treated as actual discrimination
 Your vote in the US presidential election should not be informed by the candidate's likelihood of winning (specifically as it applies to 3rd party candidates or write-ins)
 A baker should have to make a cake for a same-sex couple.
 There is no feasible/reasonable/enjoyable way that Game of Thrones could have lasted 10+ seasons
 Most babies are essentially tiny milk addicts.
 Gamers are among the most oppressed demographics in society
 Fathers who give up parental rights are morally wrong.
 There's literally not a single politically relevant topic where Donald Trump is knowledgeable
 When fighting terrorists like ISIS, we should toss aside 'moral' warfare for effective warfare.
 In general, men have a vastly harder time than women at finding a romantic partner; this is both unjust and detrimental to society, and feminism (or an equivalent social movement) NEEDS to find a way to address it.
 We already know what happens after death.
 Once you fall out of love with that special something/someone, there's no way to ever fall back in love again
 If you begin smoking in 2018, you’re a dumbass
Athletes born as one gender and go through a transition to the other gender should not be able to compete as their 'new' gender
 Life has no purpose and will never have one
 Dogs Are Better For Defending Your Home Than A Gun
 I don't think the PS4 is the best Sony consoles.
 The modern remakes of older Disney movies (the new or upcoming Beauty and the Beast, Jungle Book, Lion King, Aladdin, Mulan, etc.) have never been exciting or good or hype-worthy and reflect a complete bankruptcy of creativity as well as a sickening, cynical and blatant greed on Disney’s part
 People should never make a woman feel bad for getting an abortion.
 If Jesus came to US politics, most conservatives/Republicans would be against him and his views
 There is no need for genders to exist outside of M/F and no need for orientations outside of S/G/B
 Drinking alcohol at 17 in Maryland in 1982 should be grounds for Kavanaugh to be denied approval to become a Supreme Court Judge
 The leading critics of gun control don't want to have rational discussions about ending gun violence and would rather demonise their opponents
 The UN laughing at Trump was unprofessional and foolish.
 Ethno-states should be okay and promoted
 People who advocate gun control hardly know ANYTHING about firearms
Recent computer science grads who are struggling in interviews and unable to find a job need to stop pursuing a career in this field.
 Contraception such as a drug eluting implant should be mandatory until say.. 21 and there is no cases where teenage pregnancy is a good thing
 Cast iron cookware fucking sucks.
 Parents should not tell their kids it's OK to be a failure.
 Cardi B is super overrated and annoying
 i will never get married and have kids because i think it's immoral and a terrible idea for me as an individual
 Elizabeth Warren's decision to release her DNA results, and the way in which they were released, was both strategically​ and morally wrong​
 I’m about to turn 18, and I am a male. I refuse to vote.
 I don't want to be an organ donor.
 The extreme SJWs who appear hysterical are an irrelevant minority
 While understandable, women who state "I'm scared and uncomfortable around men after my rape" should also be okay with people who state "I'm scared and uncomfortable around black people since my rape/robbery/etc".
 The internet is hurting society more than helping it.
 The addition of required books in school curriculums are causing a decline of reading habits in younger generations.
 Leftist and social justice rhetoric need not concern itself with "being nice"
 Our current political culture is disturbing. A person's entire worth is decided based on their political opinons. As illustrated by Kanye.
 Non binary activist arent honest with their own definitions.
 "Reverse racism" doesn't exist, it's just called racism. Anyone can be racist.
 Anti-vaxxers, alternative-medicine advocates, faith-healing advocates, and other deniers of medical science should be barred from being foster parents.
 If workplace sexual harassment is a solvable issue, the market should have gotten rid of it
Therapy should be mandatory in high school
 Climate change should be the the focus in upcoming elections.
 art critics are full of shit
 Most cyclists on the road are incredibly inconsiderate and rude, and we should enforce them not getting in the way far more than we do.
 Artificial intelligence can't become conscious.
 I'm on course to vote no to the upcoming abortion referendum.
 When someone gets upset about the suffering of dogs but are indifferent to the suffering of animals in factory farms, they are being logically inconsistent.
 People should stop assuming that someone in a political party believes EVERYTHING that party believes in.
 Incels are unfairly and inaccurately judged based on the actions of a few.
 The phrase "that's just the way things are" shouldn't be considered valid justification for cultural norms
 There should be more support programs for men to go into college and affirmative action shouldn't include gender
 There is no way to save the jobs that will be automated
 It is highly immoral to accumulate and spend more wealth than you can consume instead of spending it on the disadvantaged
 Your vote in the US presidential election should not be informed by the candidate's likelihood of winning (specifically as it applies to 3rd party candidates or write-ins)
 There are probably inherent differences due to race
 Google's employment ads are putting forth an incoherent stance on diversity.
 The words "man" and "woman" are not symmetric and should thus not be used to refer to sex/gender by anyone interested in equality thereof
 We can reduce mass shooting deaths by banning civilian purchase of AR-15-pattern rifles
 voting should not be mandatory. choosing not to vote is a perfectly valid form of participating in a democracy
 America should be split into 5 separate countries
I believe spending time and money for expedition to Mars is not worth our time on earth.
 Mashed potatoes are a liquid
 Crimes involving breach of trust should have more severe legal repercussions than the similar ones without.
 Income Inequality is natural.
 People on the left are delusional in their evaluation of why Brett Kavenaugh
 Paid DLC has ruined the video game industry.
 The term “mansplaining” is inherently sexist.
 Religion shouldn't be taught in schools
 People who denounce the poor for owning "Luxuries", Just want the poor to know their place.
 Piracy is fine if it is the only way to access that material.
 Certain private companies like the social media/tech giants should be bound by similar free speech laws as the government.
 Your vote in the US presidential election should not be informed by the candidate's likelihood of winning (specifically as it applies to 3rd party candidates or write-ins)
 the US is sleepwalking into Fascism, and Trump is just the catalyst.
 humanity's ultimate goal should be to become a spacefaring civilization and we should invest more in it
 Israel can not be both jewish and democratic
 You should be able to report disability fraud anonymously
 My roommate, who is away for a month, should still pay all flat rate bills for that month
 Male and female heterosexuality are different
 BPD is not real
 Our individual votes do matter, even if our particular vote is unlikely to be the deciding contribution.
 Learning history in school is redundant and shouldn’t be implemented into the curriculum.
 The USA should bring back compulsory service
 The N-word is overly stigmatized and should be used freely in certain settings (such as academics)
 Rape and domestic violence carried out by female perpetrators will never be taken seriously by society
 It is unethical to expose your child to video games.
 We are all terrible people* knowing that the products we buy employ slavery.
